{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Charles River Development hiring Senior Consultant - Performance Measurement and Attribution along with Ex-Post Risk - Charles River Development in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "03F33B07A7CC88623C3AED491B8A8925",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-consultant-performance-measurement-and-attribution-along-with-ex-post-risk-charles-river-development-at-charles-river-development-1860440712?refId=e903611c-d14e-46ed-9297-f0758d77fba2&position=8&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " What We Are Looking For Senior Consultants to Lead or directly contribute to CRIMS implementations. Analyze and evaluate requirements while providing product expertise and guidance throughout the implementation project. Ensure the solutions developed by Charles River meet the customers business needs and that the customer is prepared to assume ownership and operate the solution after go-live. Why This Job Is Important To Us The team you will be joining is a part of Charles River Development (or CRD), that became a part of State Street in 2018. CRD helps create enterprise investment management software solutions for large institutions in the areas of institutional investment, wealth management and hedge funds. Together we have created the first open front-to-back platform - State Street Alpha, that was launched in 2019. Join us if delivering next generation infrastructure, using emerging technologies like AI and Blockchain sounds like a challenge you are up for. What You Will Be Responsible For Analyze and evaluate customer requirements in order to help Charles River respond to sales opportunities. Prepare and deliver sales presentations. Execute proof-of-concept projects to demonstrate the potential of CRIMS to satisfy the specific needs of potential customers. Educate customers on the methodologies and functionality provided by CRIMS. Advise on best practices regarding the implementation and operation of Charles River solutions and services. Monitor and evaluate customer requirements to identify potential enhancements to Charles River solutions and services. Document and communicate product improvements as part of customer-specific implementation projects or in response to trends in the marketplace. Contribute to software quality by clearly communicating defects to Client Support and Product Management. Support the defect resolution process by providing clear descriptions of defects and validating the resulting fixes. Identify errors and mistakes in documentation and suggest corrections and improvements. Provide assistance to other members of the Professional Services team and pro-actively develop and share best practices. The Senior Consultant - PMAR Specialist extends the Implementation Manager role to include the following: Become an expert in the CRIMS module for Performance Measurement, Attribution and Risk (PMAR). This includes being able to articulate options and best-practices for customers and providing feedback to Product Management which can be used to extend the current functionality and improve usability. Develop an understanding of customer PMAR workflows and requirements. Translate these workflows into CRIMS workflow designs which represent best-practices. This will often include guiding customers towards changes in their processes which will bring them in-line with industry standards. Define for customers data requirements for Performance Measurement, Attribution and Ex-Post Risk. Work with customers to define the required PMAR data and identify data sources (including required licensing) during implementations and upgrades. Collaborate with Product Management to recommend options across all asset classes and security types. Experience with the implementation of mission-critical financial solutions. Experience in the implementation of a financial system within a bank, hedge fund or asset manager, or wealth management firm is especially valuable. Hands-on experience implementing investment management software, preferably an order management and compliance system is especially valuable. Experience with two or more of the following: MSCI Barra, Axioma or Northfield Ex-ante Equity, Fixed Income and Multi-Asset class Risk Factor Models. Understanding of multi-tier technical architectures and relational database structures. Familiarity with SQL, FIX and Crystal Reports is a plus. What We Value A strong record of customer service. Senior Consultants must understand customer needs and build effective relationships. The candidate must be able to convey plans, issues and concerns to clients and team members in a clear, logical and concise manner. They will need to also be able to influence key decision makers both internally and externally. Must be customer driven, have the ability to work within a team environment, and be focused on providing a high quality of service to the customer. Strong time management skills including the ability to manage multiple projects in parallel. Strong problem solving/analytical skills. Travel The ability to travel to client sites throughout the United States and Canada as well as the ability to work effectively when remote from clients. Travel of 30%-50% is typical and but may exceed that in any given year. Education & Preferred Qualifications Four (4) year degree in a business or technical field such as Finance, Mathematical Finance, Economics, Engineering, or Computer Science. An advanced degree or industry certification such as the CFA is a strong plus. 5 Years of experience Additional Qualifications And Skills For The PMAR Specialist A Certificate in Performance Measurement (CIPM) is preferred. Candidates without this designation will be considered if they can demonstrate equivalent expertise. Strong knowledge of performance measurement. Experience as a performance analyst or as a consulting implementing performance measurement solutions. Strong knowledge of equity and fixed income attribution. This should include detailed understanding of Brinson-style models of attribution analysis. Knowledge of Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS) is a strong plus Working knowledge of various approaches to fixed income attribution Working knowledge of ex-post risk measure calculations is a plus About State Street What we do: State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we're making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we've been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investments research & trading and investment management to institutional clients. Work, Live and Grow: We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You'll have access to flexible Work Program to help match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential. Inclusion, Diversity, and Social Responsibility: We truly believe our employees' diverse backgrounds, experience and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you. State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Discover more at www.StateStreet.com/careers Job ID: R-636627 ",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Charles River Development",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
