{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20hyperledger",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20hyperledger",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring IBM Z Ecosystem Start-up Solution Architect & Advocate in Austin, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "053E6018EBF3C9A786E9E4C8B21B3141",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ibm-z-ecosystem-start-up-solution-architect-advocate-at-ibm-1796257804?refId=d5708fdb-558c-4452-ab62-451941f964df&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction At IBM, Technical Solution Architects work to understand needs and then create complex high-quality solutions that make meaningful impact. You\u2019ll be responsible for overall leadership and delivery of the solutions from requirement gathering through implementation. You\u2019ll use your in-depth knowledge of leading-edge products and technologies along with industry and business skills to influence outcomes. Your Role and Responsibilities Position will be based in one of the following United States locations: San Jose, CA; Poughkeepsie, NY; Raleigh, NC; Austin, TX; Dallas, TX As a Solution Architect & Advocate for the IBM Z Startup community, including technical leadership over IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator, you are an innovative thinker with expert consultative knowledge of Cloud solutions and an aptitude to learn IBM Z and LinuxONE technologies. You are passionate about technology, building and scaling startups, and developer advocacy. You are the type of person who loves to stay updated on the latest technology developments and trends with passion for entrepreneurship. You will be instrumental in building a thriving community of startup developers. You should be passionate about helping startup founders and their technical teams learn about new technology, collaborating with them to architect and implement powerful new solutions leveraging the IBM Cloud with a specific lens on implementing IBM Cloud Hyper Protect Services within the fintech, healthtech, and insurtech sectors to advise them on how they can dramatically improve their existing products and applications by leveraging cutting edge technology from IBM, including their Cloud journeys across IBM Cloud products and services. You will promote IBM\u2019s position, including the benefits of of IBM solutions and influence startups to utilize both IBM Cloud Hyper Protect Services and other available solutions in the IBM Cloud. The mission of the technical advocate is to work side by side with startup developers and internal IBM audiences to accelerate adoption of IBM Cloud Hyper Protect Services solutions through evangelism, consulting expertise, community engagement, and developer relations. The Solution Architect & Advocate strives to be a key member of the startup and entrepreneur community. Along these lines, advocates represent IBM at events, workshops, meetups, and conferences \u2013 both in-person and virtually. The Technical Advocate builds relationships with individuals, companies, and organizations that serve the same communities as IBM, including venture capital firms, accelerators, and incubators. The Technical Advocate builds and nurtures great relationships with startup developers online and in-person, and creates useful content, code patterns, educational material, and demonstrates IBM Cloud applications and solutions. Additionally, in this role as a Solution Architect you will work to understand client needs and then create complex high-quality solutions that make meaningful impact. You\u2019ll be responsible for overall leadership and delivery of the solutions from requirement gathering through implementation. You\u2019ll use your in-depth knowledge of leading-edge products and technologies along with industry and business skills to influence outcomes. Responsibilities Engage with fintech, healthtech, and insurtech startups, startup / entrepreneur projects and public developer communities with direct responsibility over technical evangelism associated with IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator current and future startup cohort members Improve how IBM engages with the startup developer community Attend and speak at startup, entrepreneur, and venture capital events and conferences, technical meetups, and selectively engage at hackathons to connect with developers \u2013 both in-person and virtual Write blog posts and articles to make developers successful using IBM technologies and help them realize their ideas faster Assist startups with IBM Cloud onboarding and migration, source code porting, testing, up streaming, and performance exploitation. Share feedback with IBM product and services teams on behalf of startup developers Develop first class startup developer scenarios and demo apps, collateral, and training material for IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator that demonstrates value and builds excitement within the startup ecosystem and beyond Build and leverage IBM Developer relationships Encourage startup developers to participate in industry-wide developer community engagements and content creation to increase the adoption of IBM Hyper Protect Services Present technology with enthusiasm and authenticity to startup developers, developer managers, and senior management Extend IBM Z\u2019s reach in the startup developer community by partnering with startup developers, founders, and community influencers Become a thought leader in the startup developer community and a voice of our users within and beyond IBM Create new market opportunities/identify innovative solutions to expand startup developer We Seek In You a demonstrated behaviors of self-motivation, invention, agility, creativity, & the ability to make things happen in a rapid dev environment an ability to work collaboratively with entrepreneurs, clients/ others from diverse backgrounds a strong business acumen with ability to influence Required Technical and Professional Expertise Solution architecture knowledge & mapping on IBM cloud solutions & its competitive set, including onboarding, migration, & consumption Deep SME of the startup ecosystem, spanning in-person &online startup, entrepreneur, VC, incubator & accelerator communities Understand how / why startup developers make choices about the technologies used Dem. ability solving complex business problems using technology Ability to onboard, migrate, & help solve business challenges to expand startup developer projects / engagements Broad, knowledge of AI & ML, container technologies (e.g. OpenShift, Kubernetes & Docker) & application middleware (e.g. Application servers, ESB, MQ, Kafka) Broad database experience and application runtimes & APIs Strong presentation & communication skills across exec / dev audiences \u2013 incl. a keen ability to translate complex ideas into various mediums for effective, audience-appropriate consumption Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise Experience as a technical or developer advocate Ability to identify new and emerging market opportunities within the tech entrepreneurship ecosystem Ability to work independently and manage tasks in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities and requirements. Ability to work with cross-functional team members Experience with one or more of the following industries building complex enterprise solutions: Fintech Healthtech Insurtech Understanding of emerging technologies and use cases Experience working with Linux (RHEL/Ubuntu/SLES) and virtualization (i.e. z/VM, KVM) Knowledge of Blockchain (e.g. Hyperledger, Ethereum) Self-motivated and passionate about helping others and interacting with the wider developer community Excellent interpersonal skills and comfortable in crowds and one-on-one About Business Unit IBM Systems helps IT leaders think differently about their infrastructure. IBM servers and storage are no longer inanimate - they can understand, reason, and learn so our clients can innovate while avoiding IT issues. Our systems power the world\u2019s most important industries and our clients are the architects of the future. Join us to help build our leading-edge technology portfolio designed for cognitive business and optimized for cloud computing. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
