{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20numpy",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20numpy",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "2U hiring Curriculum Engineer, FinTech (Part-Time) in Myrtle Point, Oregon, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "05BFBDD960A76CEB7F47F156C49418F4",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/curriculum-engineer-fintech-part-time-at-2u-1895067831?refId=d3a04a28-4e54-4d2c-b667-0465fa7f1cb7&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " What We\u2019re Looking For Are you a passionate FinTech Professional with a knack for changing lives? Do you love writing, teaching, and storytelling as much as you love writing Python code? Are you a Machine Learning or Blockchain wizard who loves discussing the latest trends in the field? Then we may have the position for you. At 2U, we\u2019re creating programs to train new audiences for careers in the tech industry. Our programs are taught at leading universities across the country including the University of Pennsylvania, University of California Berkeley, Northwestern, UNC Chapel Hill, Rutgers, UT Austin, and many others. We pride ourselves on building high-quality programs that help ambitious, hardworking adults change their lives through practical skills, fundamental knowledge, and the confidence to advance their careers. We\u2019re looking for a top-notch FinTech professional with a love for teaching, inspiring, and helping newcomers enter the field of financial technology. The program we\u2019re developing combines theoretical teaching with plenty of hands-on practical, skills-based training. Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To You will be responsible for dreaming up and creating instructional activities for demonstrating key concepts in the area of financial technology. You will write curriculum content for delivery by instructors and for students to learn independently, online, ensuring that all content is instructive, engaging, and teachable. You will be responsible for improving portions of our curriculum based on student learning data -- and continually asked to create improved content for teaching topics covered in our program. You will be responsible for incorporating new technology trends into the curriculum. Lastly, and most importantly, you will be responsible for making sure our program is the very best FinTech training program it can be. We want the person in this role to feel accountable to our students\u2019 success in the same way we hold ourselves accountable to their success in all other areas. Things That Should Be In Your Background Someone with at least 3+ years of industry experience in the financial technology sector. This is a great place to build your skills and learn new ones! Someone with a lot of hands-on experience. We\u2019re building a program in which students learn by doing! At a minimum, you should have a strong familiarity with tools like: Python (Pandas, PyViz, Numpy, Scikit Learn) APIs Trading Algorithms Robo-Advisors RegTech Machine Learning Blockchain (Solidity) Cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) Other Attributes That Will Help You In This Role Someone who absolutely loves teaching and sharing knowledge with others. It\u2019s ideal if you\u2019ve taught financial technology or programming in the past. Major plus if you\u2019ve spoken at fintech conferences, or have experience with online or asynchronous learning. Someone with a creative itch! This program will require a great deal of ingenuity and setup to create at scale. We want someone who is excited by the idea of creating KYC applications in blockchain or machine learning-powered trading algorithms. Someone who is a lot of fun! We want learning technology to be exciting and engaging. Imagine an engineering class that feels like a Disney movie. We need fun people to make this a reality. Someone who can work well in a distributed team. We\u2019ve got a team of brilliant curriculum developers who can build amazing modules. We want someone who can bring expertise and new ideas to the program. Someone who isn\u2019t afraid to get their hands dirty. In this capacity, you\u2019ll be responsible for keeping a living curriculum up-to-date for hundreds of Instructors and TAs across the country. This means managing issues, pull requests, and bug fixes. It also means taking in community input on technology trends and feedback on the curriculum. We need someone with a bit of thick skin, an infectious enthusiasm for continual improvement, and a collaborative spirit.. Someone who is looking for more than just a paycheck. We can\u2019t stress this enough. Deep within all of us at Trilogy is the belief that our programs change lives. Each month we hear from countless students attesting to how our program brought them new skills, landed them new jobs, and a renewed sense of confidence. This impact is what our work is really about to us. 29/hrs a week, maximum Remote - US Location About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU) At 2U, we power world-class online education and in-person boot camps. Going beyond traditional learning management systems, we use tech, people, and data to help top universities transform in the digital era\u2014and eliminate the back row in higher ed. We support lifelong learning which means thinking beyond a single degree. It means finding ways for students to gain the skills they need to change careers, evolve their expertise, and meet the challenges of the changing world head-on. We help universities fill those needs\u2014developing new digital education technologies and offerings capable of supporting students at different points in their lives. Whether they need a simple refresher, to learn something new, or to change their career trajectories completely, our university partners are there to help them succeed.Together with our partners, 2U has positively transformed the lives of more than 150,000 students and lifelong learners. 2U, Inc. has acquired and integrated two companies broadening our portfolio of education offerings into short courses with GetSmarter and boot camps with Trilogy. This role supports our Trilogy line of business. 2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same. Benefits & Culture Working at 2U means working with individuals that are passionate and mission driven. We collaborate on tough problems to deliver the best outcomes for our partners, students, and each other. You will find team members working together in our open office spaces, gathered in the kitchen grabbing a snack, or taking a break in our game rooms. To learn more, visit 2U.com. #NoBackRow Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. 2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans\u2019 status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U\u2019s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal. ",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "2U",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
