{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20css",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20css",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Associate Partner, Cognitive and Analytics in Austin, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "06A63C15A0A37610AA299AA421EDAE85",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/associate-partner-cognitive-and-analytics-at-ibm-1833928099?refId=3d4df676-e89e-45ea-b698-627e08575278&position=21&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction As a Business Sales & Delivery Executive, you will support IBM\u2019s consistent growth by bringing to the table your business development, sales, account management, and delivery skills. Picture yourself working with a highly motivated, highly successful team with a proven sales record in IBM\u2019s top technologies. If you\u2019re ready to bring insights and experience in areas such as IoT, Blockchain and digital transformation, we are ready to offer you a best in class career development. Your Role and Responsibilities We are looking for individuals in the following cities and/or willing to self-relocate. Locations are within the metro areas of the following: New York, San Francisco, Boston, Washington DC, Chicago, Atlanta, Columbus and Houston. The Associate Partner Cognitive and Analytics role is in our AI and Advanced Analytics practice. This position is for experts with documented success applying advanced analytics and cognitive solutions across complex processes. Lead practitioner responsible for establishing strong relationships across our clients by building Cognitive Solution. Expected to be a deep expert in their technical area and provide thought leadership, mentoring, and support to the sales and delivery of core offerings while collaborating across IBM\u2019s industries to bring fully integrated assets and services. Domain topics will cover: Machine Learning, NLP, and predictive statistics utilizing both open source, third party and IBM Watson technologies. Develop Key Relationships Key responsibilities: Pursue and cultivate strong relationships with client decision makers and influence client buying behaviors based on our extensive Artificial Intelligence capabilities, assets and thought leadership Illustrate eminence in the technical community (i.e. thought leadership, articles, talks, competitions, certifications) Solve business challenges and support business decisions by using advanced analytics techniques and deep learning algorithms Identify opportunities and prepare proposals for clients including defining technical and human resources required to complete the project and associated pricing Develop Our People And Our Practice Build a relationship across all levels of the practice Take personal responsibility to develop, mentor, and train data scientists. Establish formal community activities to develop skills and expertise on specific domains of interest. Differentiate the offering and the people working on it through the depth and breadth of expert skills Manage and coordinate teams to deploy data analytics projects using innovative solutions and to provide analytics-driven insights Educate and coach both clients and team members on machine learning knowledge, practical mathematical modeling, simulation and optimization in multiple analytics platform Build Assets And Capabilities Leverage IBM offerings, assets, and capabilities to create and deliver differentiated service offerings to our clients. Create new and innovative intellectual property to drive first of kind solutions for client business problems Demonstrate expertise in three or more domains (i.e. optimizations, deep learning, queueing theory) This role will have the opportunity to contribute right away to top-tier clients in collaboration with consultants in a dynamic team environment. This includes work on projects that help clients integrate analytics-driven strategy to increase effectiveness, reduce costs and improve profit and shareholder value. This role provides an opportunity to build a powerful portfolio of interesting and rewarding experiences in many industries. The ideal person will have strong experiences in the following areas with the opportunity to develop and strengthen abilities in the others: data analytics and modeling, data visualization, business acumen and strategy. You can take advantage of opportunities to master new skills, work across different disciplines and move into new challenges\u2026 all at IBM, a company that is at the forefront of taking on the grand challenges that affect our society. GBSGTM Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 7 years of documented, provable experience in strategy consulting, application of data science, including: NLP, ML, and visualizations and optimization modeling At least 7 years of experience in advanced analytics tools such as R, SPSS, Python, SAS At least 5 years of experience negotiating and selling consulting services projects At least 5 years of experience in formal project management methodology Expertise across a variety of data integration tools streamlining data across several big data solutions such as Cerner EMR, Apache Hive, Apache Pig, Apache Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, MongoDB and Couchbase. At least 3 years of experience in business development and sales of consulting services to C-suite executives of $3M+ / year At least 3 years of experience delivering complex consulting services projects At least 3 years of experience managing and leading teams Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or related STEM fields Applied knowledge on simulation and optimization Experience in visualization such as d3, Javascript, HTML, CSS At least 8 years of experience negotiating and selling consulting services projects At least 8 years of experience in formal project management methodology At least 8 years of experience in business development and sales of consulting services to C-suite executives of $3M+ / year At least 5 years of experience delivering complex consulting services projects At least 5 years of experience managing and leading teams At least 3 years of experience in an engagement transforming customer experience or some back-office process leveraging analytics About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
