{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Head of Communications in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "07CE9C5D8C7CED103F3B4DDB0B5C37E0",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-communications-at-blockchain-com-1899847134?refId=2c9780f4-0d9b-419f-9c84-c836ca8d4ace&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We're looking for a chief storyteller to join our team. As the oldest and most trusted company in crypto, you'll join a group of pioneers who are reinventing finance. If you're passionate about crypto, enjoy challenging the status quo, and are fluent in technology comms - then this is the role for you. As the Head of Communications you will lead all aspects of Blockchain.com's PR and communication strategy and execution, in alignment with our broader company goals. Reporting to the VP of Marketing, you'll work closely with the executive team and product leaders to craft a cohesive, consumer-facing narrative and drive its delivery. A seasoned communications leader, you will be responsible for leveraging our owned channels and broad set of media touchpoints to maintain and extend Blockchain's prominence in the public sphere. What You Will Do Conceptualize and implement an external communications strategy that successfully drives company messaging and up-levels Blockchain.com's profile. Ideate and drive consistent and compelling storytelling that leverages the assets and stories of our brand, product advances, and key executives to prominently drive awareness of Blockchain's story and products. Safeguard Blockchain's brand through rapid yet thorough response plans to address complex, potentially heated public issues affecting the company, executives and board. Successfully raise Blockchain's profile at major industry events and conferences. Publicize our employer of choice positioning especially related to recruitment, retention, culture, diversity and inclusion. What You Will Need 10+ years of experience using strategic communications and public relations to create a differentiated brand. Experience building and executing media campaigns, crisis management plans, and advising C-suite leadership. Proven ability to create and utilize strong media and key influencer relationships to drive results; experience working with journalists at key outlets across print, broadcast and online channels. Love of the written word and keen attention to detail (the kind of person who has strong opinions on the use of the Oxford comma and frequently identifies typos in newspapers and novels). Initiative; ability to learn new skills and information quickly, and to work efficiently and effectively in a fast-paced environment. Compensation & Perks Amazing and accessible office location in the heart of London and San Francisco. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Unlimited books policy; order the technical resources you need or simply pick something up from our company library. Catered team lunch every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Apple equipment. Full-time salary based on experience and meaningful equity in an industry-leading company. London Benefits: Private Medical Insurance (BUPA), Dental, Pension, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. San Francisco Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Flexible Spending Account, Commuter, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. Application Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to personal website and/or blog (if applicable). A (each, a \"Controller\") When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by one or more of the following subsidiaries of Blockchain Luxembourg S. Blockchain Access UK Ltd. Blockchain (GB) Limited Blockchain (US), Inc. Blockchain (LT), UAB You may contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dpo@blockchain.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Blockchain.com",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
