{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/externalApply/1832526051?url=https%3A%2F%2Fey.taleo.net%2Fcareersection%2Fgexp01%2Fjobdetail.ftl%3Fjob%3DUNI00E2E%26lang%3Den%26src%3DJB-10200&urlHash=TG6g&refId=079c1263-272b-4c52-9741-e0ca15df56d2&trk=public_jobs_apply-link-offsite",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "EY hiring Digital Solution Architect - Tech Consulting Senior in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "08E2B35C93E1B12E9A6F01C766BFB705",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/digital-solution-architect-tech-consulting-senior-at-ey-1832526051?refId=079c1263-272b-4c52-9741-e0ca15df56d2&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " THE OPPORTUNITY At EY, there is no such thing as a typical day \u2013 every day brings forth new objectives and challenges to solve. We are seeking well qualified, passionate individuals who are keen to solve client challenges, provide exceptional client service to align with EY\u2019s purpose of Building a Better Working World. EY\u2019s Technology Transformation - Architecture practice is seeking well-qualified End-End Digital Architects at the Senior and Manager level. Our architecture practice is recognized by industry analysts as a leader in leveraging business and enterprise architecture to drive strategic business transformation through enhanced IT capabilities. We serve clients across all major industries and work with organizations of different sizes, helping guide them to achieve business success while delivering strategic IT value. Our practice currently has 300+ professionals worldwide and is rapidly growing to meet increased client needs. EY\u2019s architecture practice focuses on the following capabilities Digital Business Transformation via Technology We blend strategic use of digital technology with business acumen to strategize the future, design future state capabilities, and then, assist in leading their implementation Architecture Design and Solution Implementation We design and implement creative architecture solutions for our clients\u2019 enterprise end-end digital needs including helping modernize legacy technology by leveraging modern web, mobile, cloud, social computing, search, eCommerce, Internet of Things, Microservices, DevOps, Content Management, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain and other emerging technologies to create best possible customer, employee, supply chain and partner platforms and experiences with strong emphasis on all layers of architecture (strategy, organization, capabilities, processes, data, applications and underlying technology infrastructure). Your Key Responsibilities As a Senior Consultant (or a Managing Consultant) in the Architecture practice, you will play a very critical role in executing our go-forward strategy and assisting organizations through their architecture journeys. We look for individuals who have a keen critical thinking mindset and who have a passion to solve complex business and technology challenges. You can expect to work across multiple industries in diverse teams, tackle unique client challenges and in the process learn a whole lot by developing a holistic view of the architecture. The key responsibilities for this role include Advising organizations in imagining, designing, and implementing competitive business capabilities that harness emerging and scaled technologies (web, mobile, cloud, social computing, search, eCommerce, microservices, Devops, Identity and Access, Internet of Things, Content Management, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain and other emerging technologies) Assisting in research and use of industry standard frameworks and patterns Working with project teams to establish overall enterprise architecture landscape that converts strategic outcome to various solution architecture areas including technology, information, data, security, and integration Developing target state solution architectures, perform architectural assessment and gap analysis and help formulate the overall solution strategy and roadmap Assisting senior architects with building out reference architectures and guiding clients through the execution of reference architecture Specially focus on exceptional experience, scale, security and value extraction from suggested technology sets Working with project teams to translate solution architectures to implementation artifacts including code, configuration, environment and others to name a few. It is critical for our architects to work with engineering teams to guide teams and shape in delivery including taking a role in performing proof of concepts and other incubators that help in translating solution to deployments Serve as an evangelist for 1-2 areas of emerging technology Team with client technology professionals, and/or third-party strategic alliances Develop long-term relationships and networks both internally and externally Skills And Attributes For Success To qualify for the role, you must have A bachelor's degree with approximately 5+ years of related work experience in an architecture or related discipline; or a graduate degree and 3+ or more years of related work experience, or 10 or more years of overall related work experience. Three plus years of experience in least two of the following areas Large scale web and mobile app development Large scale eCommerce deployment Large scale Content Management Large scale data and analytics with mix of traditional warehousing and dealing with unstructured data (e.g. Hadoop) and modern deployment in cloud environments Large scale Infrastructure Management (Cloud adoption for Iaas, PaaS or SaaS) Digital supply chain and digital factory environment Social media and social collaboration in consumer and employee spaces Deployment of enterprise search, knowledge management Deployment of emerging technology (e.g. artificial intelligence, facial recognition, blockchain etc. in production) Large scale identity and access management deployment Large scale Internet of things deployment (Industrial IoT or consumer IoT) Large scale microservices implementation (OpenShift, Cloud Foundry, Mesosphere etc.) with flexible development frameworks (Springboot, Lagom etc.) Large scale experience with non-traditional databases and app frameworks (e.g. SMACK, RAIL etc.) Large scale DevOps and CICD automation Experience working with product suites e.g. Microsoft, Java, Oracle, IBM, Amazon, Salesforce etc. to name a few Experience supporting one full-lifecycle project \u2013 from analysis of business and technology requirements to design and build scalable enterprise application architectures and recommend courses of action to ensure technology is consistent, usable, secure and adds value to clients\u2019 businesses Solution architecture experience with focus on technology architecture, information architecture, data architecture, application architecture, security architecture, and integration architecture Ability to use architecture frameworks, patterns and best practices, technology vision, opportunities and challenges, in addition to exploring emerging technologies and innovations Hands-on programming experience in various development platforms Experience participating in governance processes e.g. ARB is huge plus, Drive the definition and adoption of enterprise reference architectures and development standards using frameworks like TOGAF, Zachman A strong understanding of DevOps principles with experience in each of the DevOps areas of practice (Source Control \u2013 TFS, GIT, GitHub, CI \u2013 MSBuild, Test/Automated Test- XUnit. Strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating enterprise business processes with technology skills An aptitude to handle complexity and ambiguity. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated ability to execute tasks and deliver projects. Willingness to be a part of high-performing teams in a diverse and uncertain business environment Current knowledge of global industry and IT trends and the impact that these might have on an organization Ability to build and maintain relationships with clients and various stakeholders Ability to work individually with minimal supervision The successful candidate must also be willing and able to travel 70-90% of the time. Ideally, you\u2019ll also have Fluency in the development and use of solution architecture frameworks and patterns. Experience learning and implementing technologies from a broad spectrum, including working familiarity from one or more technologies like cloud development, AI, blockchain, and Internet of Things (IOT) technologies Certification in solution architecture, e.g. Java EE Enterprise Architect, from a recognized organization Experience in similar consulting firms and demonstrated track record of providing consulting services to organizations Experience with systems integration (including delivering projects related to COTS, custom, ERP, CRM solutions etc.) and deep expertise in software development methodologies (agile, waterfall). Familiarity and exposure to Enterprise Architecture frameworks and methodologies (Zachman, TOGAF, Gartner, etc.). What We Look For Well qualified candidates with experience in client serving roles with professional services organizations Technical expertise in the architecture discipline including enterprise architecture, data architecture, solution architecture Proven ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines What working at EY offers We offer a competitive compensation package where you\u2019ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 18 days of vacation plus twelve observed holidays and 10 personal care days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer The opportunity to manage a portfolio of talent within a designated service line A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training An excellent team of senior colleagues, dedicated to managing and varying your workload About EY As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Join us in building a better working world. Apply now. EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "EY",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
