{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20c#",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20c#",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Smith + Crown hiring Finance and Operations Director in Portland, Oregon, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "127621976F5071A97D8477E98E1CD42D",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/finance-and-operations-director-at-smith-%2B-crown-1864016225?refId=25744c57-1a54-4f82-8aba-3d513c1512f7&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Smith + Crown is the world's leading blockchain research organization and is focused on the development and application of research, intelligence, analysis and data across the breadth of the blockchain space. Our passion and unique expertise lies in the understanding, design, application and implementation of cryptoeconomic systems regardless of industry. We look at everything from macroeconomic trends and global policy to the emergence of technological and cultural hubs. We are a mission-driven organization that believes in the fundamental power of blockchain technologies and cryptoeconomic principles, as well as the unique opportunity for education, knowledge and research in their development and application. We prioritize impact over returns, while understanding a well run business is critical to growing impact, and take a long term view of the industry and our role within it. S+C's research focused internal culture is built around dual values of integrity and independence. We are looking for someone who will work with us to lead operational and financial management processes for the firm as well helping to support and maintain our culture. Finance and Operations Director We are a rapidly growing organization with an overwhelming demand for our unique blockchain expertise. We are looking for an experienced finance and operations director to develop and manage processes, systems and infrastructure to support the existing organization and provide a strong foundation for growth moving forward. This individual will work closely with the CEO and the Director of Research to address short-term needs while developing long-term process and strategy around financial planning and management, accounting, legal and contracting, HR, and the expansion of our offices and team into new markets and locations. Core Responsibilities Overseeing company treasury, which includes a variety of cryptoassets. Work with senior team to develop a treasury management strategy, be comfortable with financial planning, exchanges (orders, money management), and hardware wallets. Help document, formalize, and manage a strategy determined in collaboration with the senior team. Managing tax filings, planning, accounting (including crypto-related transactions), as well as interfacing with tax accountants and experts. Work with research, product and advisory teams to build processes and infrastructure to support their work in line with company strategy Work with CEO and Director of research to develop process and systems in line with overall company strategy and long term operational and financial goals Identifying and managing vendors across necessary functions Oversight and management of routine legal processes Oversight and management of hiring processes for staff Work with clients on contract management and execution including legal review, coordination and invoice management Work to consistently improve internal infrastructure, software and processes across the company Work with senior team to setup, staff and support new domestic and international offices as necessary Requirements 5+ years of experience in a finance or operations role in a growing team or organization, preferably with a services-based company with between 10 and 50 employees. Direct experience managing accounts, accountants, tax planning and overseeing company finances (crypto-asset handling experience is a differentiator) Experience reviewing and negotiating contracts and working with internal, external and partner counsel Ability to learn quickly (and enthusiastically): the amount of learning required in this space cannot be overstated Uphold cultural values of integrity and independence Independently driven - this is a senior role with high expectations for autonomy and responsibility While blockchain experience is not firmly required, is it a meaningful differentiator. Candidates must at a minimum be familiar with the industry and its basics as well as have a genuine passion for becoming an expert in the space. Comfort with regular international travel and navigating local cultures, logistics and relationships as well as fluency in multiple languages, especially Mandarin, Korean or Japanese are also differentiators. We are looking for a detail-obsessed and strategically minded individual to help us scale our impact and team. This job will have no shortage of challenges, but we can promise a front row seat to the most exciting and interesting research being done today. Our projects are never simple, and they are certainly never boring. If you are interested in this position, please apply here. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We encourage all to apply. ",
    "Location": "Portland, Oregon, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Smith + Crown",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
