{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Kimberly-Clark hiring Chief Digital Architect in Irving, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "13349F39D0B56AE0DE229FFD3D493B34",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Chief Digital Architect Job Description Chief Digital Architect Location: Dallas, Texas Summary Of Position Reporting to the Vice President, Kimberly-Clark Engineering and Corporate Functions, the Chief Digital Architect works closely with the CIO, VP of Engineering and Corporate Functions, business partners, and enterprise architects to define and lead key capability investment priorities, data standards, and technology/architecture standards. The Chief Architect role is tasked in defining the relevant technology, data and digital needs for K-C, providing thought, business and technology leadership in envisioning K-C digital, growth capabilities. Responsibilities Principal accountabilities of the role include setting the vision for the future state technology supporting business growth capabilities: Defines the future state technology stack supporting modern components that enable rapid application deployment for K-C Defines a vision that traverses the technology stack from User-Experience / Customer-Experience, data-driven strategic analysis and customer insights, cloud provisioning and embedding AI-ML and Cognitive into our current systems Assesses and evaluates emerging technology capabilities (like IoT, Robotics, VR/AR, BlockChain) for compatibility, scalability, and viability in the K-C environment. Defines the enterprise digital transformation roadmap and phased approach for its execution in order to transform K-Cs ability to deliver growth capabilities in the area of commercial transformation through digital technologies. Research and evaluate new and/or alternative solutions and technologies to enhance operational effectiveness, reduce costs and/or system risks and increase speed to market including overseeing Proof of Concepts/Proof of Technologies Define the future state reference architecture for Applications, Data and Infrastructure and drive standardization to leverage Enterprise scale with ultimate goal to drive standardization, simplification, reduce Time to Market and lower TCO Key Internal Stakeholders Executives level communications up to the CEO and Board of Directors Regional Presidents and Vice-Presidents of Business units and global leaders of functions, CIO and Senior ITS Leadership Team Select engagements with CEO and Sector, country, operations, and service organizations of K-C globally IT Strategy, Innovation and Architecture team, PMO and VMO teams Key External Stakeholders Strategic executive leadership with key Enterprise Data Management delivery partners Senior leadership with Strategy and Research organizations Professional associations and speaking at major conferences The role is responsible for integrating new technologies and frameworks with existing systems. This person will lead a team of Enterprise Architects that have responsibility for the development of architecture solutions and product families, inspiring new approaches and solving business problems in new ways. The position also requires excellent executive-level written and oral communication skills in order to effectively communicate goals, plans and status. The ability to develop and deliver presentations that are compelling and influence with authenticity, clarity and relative simplicity is essential. Ability to influence and lead without authority is key to the success of this role. Having a track record of developing and influencing leaders as well as inspiring a diverse global team that has presence in every major geography that K-C operates to act as one team focused on the highest priorities of the business will be a key success factor for the position. Minimum Requirements Education required/ preferred: Bachelor\u2019s degree in relevant field or equivalent experience. Experience 15+ years of proven and progressive experience in IT. +8 years of experience in technology development, architecture, integration & management. 5+ years of prior hands-on coding experience as full-stack engineer in their career. Global exposure in a multi-national company is an asset. 15+ years of proven and progressive experience in IT. Preferred Skills/Qualifications Experience creating strategies for digital solution maximization across diverse areas of business including implementation of digital strategies, processes and techniques. Full understanding across multiple technical areas \u2013 importantly they must understand coding in modern languages including mobile app and backend development, data science and information architecture, modern IT architecture modeling, CICD, automation principles and IT security Familiarity with business and technical concepts such as business process design, applications development and service management Innovative, detail-oriented, and extremely effective in stressful and challenging environments. Demonstrated success in the development of new or existing product strategies from conception to implementation, and solution design Agile development methodology Fluent in contemporary Digital technologies and platforms, including UX, APIs, MicroServices, AI and Machine Learning, Analytics, XaaS. Proven ability to collaboratively and passionately foster a digital transformation culture. Practical skill, knowledge and experience in architecting and/or co-leading digital transformation journey in current or past organization with expertise in digital decoupling architecture A senior level knowledge of the system development life cycle, and system and application program development technological alternatives and architecture methodologies for multi-platform environments. Strong knowledge of contemporary technology and business trends that allows architecture to solve problems in a creative and cost effective manner. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Working knowledge of systems architectural concepts and frameworks. Demonstrated consulting skills, with change management concepts and strategies, including communication, culture change and performance measurement system use. Proven experience in navigating complex organizations, creative problem solving, and rational experimentation Kimberly-Clark is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law. The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position. This position may require a post-offer/pre-hire Physical Abilities Test (PAT) to confirm that individuals are able to perform the essential functions of the job. K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing. Global VISA and Relocation Specifications: K-C will support global relocation for the chosen candidate for the role, including assistance to obtain proper work authorization. The benefits provided will be per the terms of K-C\u2019s applicable mobility policies. The benefits/policy provided will decided in K-C\u2019s sole discretion Primary Location USA-TX-Dallas Additional Locations Worker Type Employee Worker Sub-Type Regular Time Type Full time Show moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-digital-architect-at-kimberly-clark-1959177976?refId=e960dd56-0b5d-4070-b9fc-abaeb70cc15a&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Irving, Texas, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Kimberly-Clark",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
