{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20crypto",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20crypto",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Product Marketing Manager in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "13CF6DB117495594BE366F3D5208E696",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-marketing-manager-at-blockchain-com-1833440878?refId=f9bbaf9f-6b26-46dc-9f36-dc3a7304d937&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Get in on the ground floor at a company that is accelerating the growth of crypto to a mass market. Blockchain.com is a product-focused company, so it's natural that Product Marketing plays a critical role in our product development process. You'll be responsible for setting marketing strategy, executing on go-to-market for global product and feature launches, writing persuasive messaging and producing marketing collateral, leveraging both internal and external partners. We're looking for entrepreneurial types who are action-oriented and who want to build. What You Will Do Launch products & manage go-to-market. Help craft the vision and strategy for product development by performing customer research, tell a compelling product story, and quarterback the go-to-market process. Up-level our positioning and messaging. Crypto is rapidly evolving and changing. Barely a fraction of future holders of crypto have even considered buying some today. There's a huge opportunity to tell a compelling 'so what' story to connect our products with our future customers and you'll be at the center of it. Cross-functional project management. No one person can launch a product alone, so it takes a leader to work with a diverse cross-functional to bring a product from idea to launch. If you're part-visionary, part-diplomat, part-manager, and part-communicator, you're on the right track. Take initiative and be action-oriented. A global startup in a rapidly-evolving space can be frenetic, energizing, chaotic, ambiguous, and empowering. We need owners who are able to take initiative and be action-oriented. What You Will Need Capacity to be a project owner end-to-end. Put simply, you should be the CMO for the projects you own. In a fast-paced environment you are expected to own problem areas and completely drive projects to completion. Passion for writing, and storytelling. We need someone who can write \u2013 everything from website copy to blog posts announcing new features / products to simple, quick tweets. Writing can always be better \u2013 you should be ready and willing to relentlessly iterate. Outstanding project management skills. You should be detail-oriented while also getting the bigger picture. You should take ownership from day one and be collaborative. Curiosity and a growth mindset. You should bring enthusiasm and new ideas \u2013 each and every day. We want to reinvent product marketing for crypto. This requires a 0-to-1 mentality, not just copying what others have already done. Data-oriented. We need someone who is not afraid to make hypotheses but also craves data. Someone who wants to drive ROI, and is always willing to experiment and test with an eye for results. 5+ years of experience with launching products for fast-paced tech companies. Ideally some experience in fintech or a personal passion for crypto Compensation & Perks Amazing and accessible office location in the heart of London and San Francisco. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Unlimited books policy; order the technical resources you need or simply pick something up from our company library. Catered team lunch every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Apple equipment. Full-time salary based on experience and meaningful equity in an industry-leading company. London Benefits: Private Medical Insurance (BUPA), Dental, Pension, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. San Francisco Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Flexible Spending Account, Commuter, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. Application Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to personal website and/or blog (if applicable). A (each, a \"Controller\") When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by one or more of the following subsidiaries of Blockchain Luxembourg S. Blockchain Access UK Ltd. Blockchain (GB) Limited Blockchain (US), Inc. Blockchain (LT), UAB You may contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dpo@blockchain.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses. Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Blockchain.com",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
