{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Blockchains, LLC hiring Senior Product Manager \u2013 Digital Asset Custody Solutions in Sparks, Nevada, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "14837A0443DEA7AF47BF16F3F7B07ACF",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-product-manager-%E2%80%93-digital-asset-custody-solutions-at-blockchains-llc-1854815040?refId=fa098145-72b8-40b2-8b55-f8e075931762&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Position Summary This position will drive the product functional and UX requirements for market fit and validation for our portfolio of decentralized blockchain products in the areas of tokenization, custody, and provenance. The goal will be to maximize the impact of the overall solution's product portfolio by inspiring the development and marketing teams with a clear product vision and supporting details. The role requires a technical background and will include responsibility for first seeing product requirements clearly defined for successful product development in an agile scrum environment. Later, responsibilities will grow to include supporting go-to-market strategy and launch followed by sustainably growing commercial revenue for both customer-managed and pay-as-you-go service delivery models. Excellent storytelling, communication, and team-collaboration skills are required to collaborate effectively with organizational stakeholders in other functions. A focus on timely deliverables in the form of market and user research, requirements definition, and roadmap creation will be essential. The Senior Product Manager, Digital Asset Custody Solutions will work closely with marketing, design, and agile software development colleagues as well as other functions in sales and support to bring the products to market and grow their revenue contributions. We're looking for an experienced Senior Product Manager who is excited about building the next generation of blockchain tokenization, custody, and provenance applications and infrastructure. Essential Duties And Responsibilities The essential functions include, but are not limited to, the following: Build, invest, and curate products in the custody solution's product portfolio Craft the product story by understanding the landscape and user needs Engage with key customers and community members to drive roadmaps Develop and steward early product pilots and focus group engagements following design thinking principles Sustainably grow commercial revenue Perform and mentor product managers to conduct analysis, including evaluations and decisions, for whether to expand into new markets and products Review and approve the roadmaps submitted by product managers Mentor product managers and give feedback on their work \u2014 user research, product requirement documents, field engagement, and roadmaps Partner with the marketing, design, and agile development teams to deliver on the roadmap Communicate product status to all internal and external stakeholders with regular updates to senior leadership Keep sales and marketing updated on feature releases and engineering on feature requests Orchestrate technical sales training for pre-sales engineers Help with sales and marketing collateral to educate on the product story and features (website copy, whitepapers, sales decks, blogs, FAQs, etc.) Minimum Qualifications (knowledge, Skills, And Abilities) Strong user and market research skills Ability to organize multiple stakeholders towards a common goal Strong technical acumen, with a solid understanding of the digital custody market Humility and learning mindset Information seeking and data data-driven Ability to explain complex ideas simply Strong written, verbal, and visual communication skills Strong project management and/or organizational skills Good working knowledge of agile development processes and roles Education/Experience 5+ years as a senior technical product manager. Startup experience growing product portfolios to exceed $10m+ annual revenue 3+ years of product management experience with blockchain-based custody products 2+ years' experience with scrum agile development processes required Experience with managing open source products preferred but not required Experience with SaaS products preferred but not required Background experience as a practicing software developer preferred but not required Experience with design thinking product design collaboration preferred but not required Blockchains Management, Inc. (\"Blockchains\") is proud to be a diverse workforce and we are committed to inclusion and diversity to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants. Blockchains provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, age marital status, physical or mental disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Blockchains Management, Inc. (\"Controller\"), which is located at 610 Waltham Way, Sparks, NV 89437 and can be contacted by emailing support@blockchains.com. Controller's data protection officer is Ivan Soto, who can be contacted at isoto@blockchains.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under [either the standard contractual clauses or the Privacy Shield]. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting us at legal@blockchains.com. Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. ",
    "Location": "Sparks, Nevada, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Blockchains, LLC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
