{
    "Body": " Chronicled has established the decentralized MediLedger Network, which connects the pharmaceutical industry and runs mission critical processes. You will be working on the software that connects to and runs the Network. You will be building a cutting-edge platform using the latest technological achievements at the intersection of blockchain, cryptography, distributed computing and network protocols. As Software Engineering Manager you will own the development of products that support mission critical functions of the business of Fortune100 customers. You will lead a highly talented engineering team to build an event-driven, enterprise grade solution based on microservices. This is a hands on management position. What You Will Do Drive the delivery of innovative software products Recruit, inspire, coach and develop a high performing team Champion engineering excellence and culture Work closely with Product Management to establish priorities and roadmap Execute and consistently deliver against development plans laid out with Product Management Work with the team to break down complex features into manageable work deliverables Drive clarity on requirements and align on technical vision and execution Keep the development team deeply connected to goals by broadcasting customer needs, customer feedback, product roadmaps, and product KPIs Regularly report on status of development, quality, operations, and system performance Improve engineering processes by perfecting agile best practices Contribute to the code base Review technical deliverables, perform code reviews to provide detailed feedback and ensure quality expectations are met What You Will Need Experience with delivering enterprise-grade software Familiarity with event-driven architectures and microservices-based solutions Demonstrated success with recruiting talented engineers Familiarity with modern technologies and functional programming, such as Scala, Java, TypeScript, Postgres, RabbitMQ, React/Redux and Kubernetes. At least 3 years of experience of managing 12 engineers in addition to at least 5 years of hands-on software engineering experience Experience building and launching greenfield product(s) BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience At Chronicled we take pride in our Total Rewards Package which is available to all full time Chronicled Employees: Equipment: Macbook pro and accessories standard issue. As well as a modern fully stocked office space with many amenities Daily Meals: Come to work hungry\u2014our healthy catered lunch options and ample drinks and snacks make sure your body and soul are always well-fueled. Location: Centrally located and easily accessible offices in San Francisco Flexibility: We believe flexibility comes in multiple forms. Freedom to express yourself with an open startup casual dress code, Flexible schedules. Best of all we have an unlimited vacation policy that allows you to get the rest and relaxation you need to refresh. Welcoming Culture: We call ourselves a family for a reason. We foster a fun and creative atmosphere where anyone can openly contribute ideas, feel appreciated, and feel empowered to be who they are. Fun is also highly encouraged! Frequent offsite team building events and weekly happy hours. Recognition: Respect and prominence due to work contributions, working on cutting edge technology. Our employees are celebrated and recognized for their contributions Variety: Opportunities to experience different job tasks, responsibilities, and project opportunities Workload: Challenging and fast paced work. There is never a dull moment in our Enterprise Blockchain Laboratory. Work Importance: The typical Chronicled team member has a bias for action. We do. We build. We step outside of the scope. We believe we will change the world. Control your own Destiny: Ability to influence others and control one\u2019s own destiny. Advancement: Opportunities to get ahead both personally and professionally. Career advancement highly encouraged. Development Opportunities: We offer reimbursements for conference attendance and learning experiences. We encourage peer learning opportunities and provide access to resources to help you grow your skills. Formal and informal training to learn new knowledge, skills and abilities related to the job. Personal Growth: Weekly lunch and learn sessions, one on one mentorship with dedicated leadership and peers Competitive Rewards: Comprehensive and competitive employment and rewards packages for all employees Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision. 401k, 529 College Saving Plan, Gym Membership, Commuter Benefits, Employee Perks Program ", 
    "CompanyName": "Chronicled", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "14EF91AD6FF66D6E7B97D41767BC73F1", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, pharmaceutical, scala, cryptography, react, decentralized, full time, microservices, java, clarity, startup, code review, software engineer, agile, typescript, protocols, postgres, functional program", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Chronicled hiring Software Engineering Manager in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/software-engineering-manager-at-chronicled-1828067061?refId=a1fdfbd8-8d53-4494-a238-246b552ab663&position=21&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
