{
    "Body": " CGI seeks a Blockchain Developer. Required Skills bull Occasional travel as needed to customer locations. bull Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, IT, MIS, Engineering, or related fields. bull 2-5 years of full-stack software development experience bull Experience in NodeJS, GoLang and Java. bull Understanding of multiple Blockchain environments such as Ethereum, Hyperledger Fabric preferred. bull Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. bull General understanding of UML, BPMN, or technical design documents relevant to process modeling and design. bull Past experience working as part of a collaborative team that practices Agile andor DevOps throughout the SDLC. bull Preferred experience across the SDLC, including requirements, design, development, testing, documentation, training, deployment, operations, support and maintenance. bull Must be an adaptable self-starter. bull Ability to work well with business unit SMErsquos, Business Analysts, vendors, and end users in cross-functional teams. bull Track record of meeting or exceeding client expectations, personal performance expectations, and achieving project goals. bull Strong communication skills bull Blockchain developer certification preferred. Skills Blockchain Java We have an exciting new opportunity for a Blockchain application developer to join our Digital Insights team at CGI. Reporting to the Blockchain Practice leader, you will work side-by-side with teammates from a variety of backgrounds in Web applications development, Data Science, AI, Intelligent Automation, and Cloud. You will help our US Commercial, State and Local Government (CSG) clients improve operational efficiency, while expanding your own skills in development of cutting-edge automation solutions. Responsibilities bull Design, develop, and test solutions to automate processes, activities, and tasks through Blockchain platforms. bull Participate in requirements gathering and design through client meeting, interviews, and workshops. bull Build and maintain application components for multiple projects and clients. bull Participate in deployment of Blockchain platform components such as Hyperledger Fabric, Tendermint, EOS and the like, development tools, and systems integrations, to meet enterprise requirements for security, scalability, and performance. bull Contributes to future technology architecture roadmap by recommending options from third partycloud solutions and participating in Proof of Concept (POC)Prototyping initiatives. bull Contribute to the technical direction on design considerations, including performance, scalability, availability, maintainability, and auditability by researching and performing POCs. bull Participates in estimation and planning activities within the Agile team bull Communicates daily with the Scrum Master and teammates on progress, plans for the day, and reports any issues blocking progress bull Participates in demos, code reviews, and retrospectives communicates ideas for team continuous improvement and willingly receives feedback for self-improvement bull Focuses on delivering business priority and value at all times bull Participate in QA testing activities, including testing at the task and end-to-end process levels, integration testing, and user acceptance testing. bull Design, develop, and test solutions on various platforms through Blockchain platforms and supporting tools such as NodeJS or Java. bull Participate in requirements gathering and design through client meeting, interviews, and workshops. bull Build and maintain sets of automations for multiple projects and clients. bull Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve problems and issues. Report, track, and address defects. Deploy new versions of updated software and enhanced automations. bull Document technical designs, release notes, and other project documentation to support development, security, operations, and maintenance. We understand that success in the IT services business is contingent on retaining and attracting the best talent - talent like you. At CGI, our team of professionals is dedicated and driven to help our clients succeed. At our Lafayette Center, we are looking for experienced professionals and graduating students interested in IT careers, focusing on those with demonstrated experience in IT and business, strong problem-solving abilities, and excellent interpersonal skills. While most companies have a vision and mission, CGI goes a step beyond. We have a company dream \"To create an environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.\" This dream emphasizes the enjoyment and ownership principles that are essential to CGI's success. In fact, we strive to create an environment where our professionals enjoy working together and feel empowered and engaged as owners to build their company and grow their careers. This dream as well as our values are what set us apart -Show moreShow less ",
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Hash": "1A417D4F87DB1D6BB7C3FEF866A3EADA",
    "Language": "English",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20ethereum",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20ethereum",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Title": "Louisiana Economic Development hiring Blockchain Developer in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-developer-at-louisiana-economic-development-1946421596?refId=394e58e3-8384-4a8f-a817-d4a7641145ee&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Lafayette, Louisiana, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Louisiana Economic Development",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
