{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Coinbase hiring Strategic People Programs Lead in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "1BA834A9BB573BDE4FD32BADB52FDB9F",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/strategic-people-programs-lead-at-coinbase-1880405291?refId=2c9780f4-0d9b-419f-9c84-c836ca8d4ace&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are building out a People Strategic Programs function at Coinbase, and you will have the opportunity to build the strategy and team from the ground up. We are looking for candidates who are doers; those who are energized by the opportunity to get in the weeds, build our foundations, and scale our People practices for the next phase of Coinbase\u2019s growth. The People Strategic Programs team partners closely with our People Centers of Excellence (Learning and Development, Total Rewards, D&I, etc.) to tackle our most complex people problems using an analytical, framework-guided approach. We are end-to-end problem solvers: We proactively identify opportunities to improve people practices and programs, drive analyses and research to find the biggest levers for impact, design experiments to test our hypotheses, and manage operationalizing these solutions throughout the entire organization. We care deeply about the quality of our programs, but also our employees\u2019 experience with them, so change and program management is a core responsibility. Responsibilities End-to-end ownership of strategic people projects and program redesigns through problem definition, quantitative and qualitative analysis, solution design and experimentation in close partnership with our Centers of Excellence and People Analytics Teams. Program management of strategic initiatives that cut across various Employee Experiment Centers of Excellence. Change management involved in rolling out new programs and processes to our employee base. Leverage our People Data to proactively identify new opportunities to drive high engagement, retention, and performance across the company, as well as ways to improve and scale current practices. Develop compelling, logically structured, and visually impressive presentations that will be shared at the Employee Experience Leadership Team and Executive Team level. Keep up-to-date and introducing latest trends from technology, people analytics, and data science research to inform our team\u2019s strategy. Requirements Consulting experience at a top-tier firm Experience designing experiments and research projects Passion for HR innovation and a clear vision for how we can use People Analytics to drive meaningful impact towards business objectives. Outstanding consulting and collaborative skills \u2013 ability to translate business problems into research/analytics studies, as well as ability to communicate the results of analyses with business partners to drive strategy and action. High integrity and discretion. People data is some of our most sensitive data, and we expect employees with access to this to act with utmost professionalism. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
