{
    "Body": " Are you passionate about the intersection of cloud computing, Blockchain and distributed ledgers? Do you have the ability to put together unique cutting-edge solutions that bring together various technologies for breakthrough business outcomes? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Are you a thought leader with a mix of strong product experience, software development and technical Blockchain expertise? This role combines high-level strategic thinking, strong communication with stakeholders, and going hands-on to code up proofs of concept to full-fledged feature development and existing system maintenance. As a Full Stack Blockchain Lead Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing on Blockchain projects across a range of different technologies. You will develop and design integration architecture for integrating applications with Blockchain and participant organizations and their member nodes to Blockchain network. Must be able to look at the wider picture and consider adding new technologies such as AI, IoT, and robotic processing (RPA) and apply these to solving real business problems and creating new Blockchain operating models. We are looking for a Full-Stack Blockchain Software Architect and Developer fluent in JavaScript, Node.js, Hyperledger Fabric, Ethereum and Vue,js. Ideal candidates will have some exposure to ERP, other blockchain platforms such as Ethereum and be comfortable working across the front and backend of the platform with JavaScript, Node.JS, Vue.js, MongoDB and Azure. While ideally seeking engineers experienced in all of these technologies, we are open to agnostic, dynamic developers who\u2019ve developed consumer-facing applications with other modern, web-based, object-oriented technologies. Successful candidates will be self-motivated, self-managed, have excellent communication skills and have worked successfully as part of an established engineering team. The successful candidate will become a trusted adviser both to our Product Engineering Team as well as our Customers and will work with Enterprise Sales to drive adoption and revenue. This will include showcasing use-cases in demos, working with our partners and participate in innovative proof-of-concepts. Essential Duties And Responsibilities Architect end-to-end solutions for our customers using blockchain. Help develop an overall blockchain ecosystem engagement strategy. In partnership with consulting, business development, and subject matter experts, formulate and execute a strategy to drive adoption of distributed ledgers. Engage directly with our consulting delivery teams on implementations, understand their specific business and technology challenges in the area of distributed ledgers integration in new products and services. Experience developing Hyperledger or Ethereum based solutions and passion for getting hands dirty with code. Mentor and develop junior developers Basic Qualifications Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or related field 5+ years of experience in software development, including design, implementation, debugging, and support Experience working with Blockchain frameworks such as Hyperledger and Ethereum in projects 2+ years experience developing smart contracts and decentralized applications. 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like Java, Go, and Node.js. Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures. Delivering high quality software solutions on time Knowledge of technical developments and trends in application analysis, design, and development Knowledge of technical and business writing Ability to learn new business processes or applications very quickly Preferred Qualifications Experience in writing smart contracts for Blockchain frameworks such as Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Sawtooth, Ethereum, and Corda Experience designing and building highly-scaled distributed systems and web services Very strong computer science fundamentals in algorithm design, data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis Possesses strong analytical skills, with excellent problem-solving abilities in the face of ambiguity Thorough understanding of parallel algorithms, concurrency, asynchronous architectures Experience working in an agile software development organization Proven ability to effectively drive cross-team solutions that may have complex dependencies Experience in enterprise software or cloud services Ability to work effectively, efficiently and independently with minimal oversight Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Strong communication, collaboration and interpersonal skills. BS/MS in Computer Science or a related field Experience in modern test techniques such as Test and Behavior Driven Development (TDD and BDD) Familiarity with Agile / Scrum Ability to express ideas clearly, concisely in understandable form, both orally and in writing Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships Strong organizational and communication skills Fluent in English You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.Show moreShow less ",
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Hash": "1CD5E08A93E023CB2995676257C5CEEF",
    "Language": "English",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20mongodb",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20mongodb",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Title": "RSM US LLP hiring Full-Stack Blockchain Software Senior Developer in Greenwood Village, Colorado, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/full-stack-blockchain-software-senior-developer-at-rsm-us-llp-1922447430?refId=26970e2c-2a06-42a7-949a-43063fede297&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Greenwood Village, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "RSM US LLP",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
