{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20distributed",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20distributed",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IT People hiring Senior Blockchain Engineer Consultant- Hyperledger in Morrisville, North Carolina, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "1D45FDF84E7B5A61DAB0DDB676801D06",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-blockchain-engineer-consultant-hyperledger-at-it-people-1891643483?refId=93817134-d3b9-4c7b-a7f6-cb1f3e87356d&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Senior Blockchain Engineer- Hyperledger Join our Blockchain Consulting Practice at Chainyard, an IT People Company! Chainyard is a leader in Blockchain technology and application delivery, working with major corporations using both Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum. Our teams bring extensive experience in architecting, designing, building, testing, securing and operating complex distributed systems to help adopters of Blockchain technology succeed. Candidates should have a bachelorrsquos degree in technical discipline with at least 5 years working in a customer facing technical consultant role including solution definition, architecture and design experience. This is a direct hire career position. Sorry no 3rd Parties NO C2C WATCH VIDEO- Blockchain QA with Chainyardrsquos Alex Rosen Skills and Experience Candidates will have at least 5 years working in a customer facing technical consultant role including solution definition, architecture and design experience. Must have excellent hands-on software development and coding expertise as well as client handling, communication, presentation skills and professional business acumen. Must have experience with architecture, design and integration of large scale enterprise systems. Must have hands-on experience with Blockchain coding and developing with Hyperledger Fabric and Composer. Must have excellent programming and scripting skills with a solid understanding of Object Oriented Design principles in a Linux environment. Must be a self-starter with ability to lead Blockchain implementation teams technically Must have proven implementation experience of Hyperledger Fabric based Blockchain projects Must be willing to completely own Architecture, Technical Design, Data model design, network design, performance tuning of Blockchain projects Must have strong experience in DevOps, CICD, Dockers, Kubernetes Must be willing to roll-up sleeves and write chain code in Golang, create REST APIs using NodeJS This is a hands on contributor position. Must have proven experience in executing projects in AgileScrum Must have proven ability in working with Sales teams to respond to RFPs and creating proposals Candidates should have a bachelorrsquos degree or masterrsquos degree in a technical discipline. Optional (Nice to have) Experience with Angular or React based front-end development will be a huge plus Professional expertise in cryptography research or Security Solutions Architecture is a plus. Business domain knowledge in Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Transportation, Healthcare, Retail and Finance is a plus. Role and responsibilities Deliver high quality products and services to our customers and key stakeholders. Participate in daily stand-up, iteration planning and showcase meetings with the delivery team. Adhere and contribute to core engineering design, development and testing principles. Produce clear and thorough technical documentation. Role will entail travel to client sites as needed (up to 25 travel may be required). TO APPLY Please follow the standard apply process on this website and with your resume attachment (preferably in MS Word) to the attention of Dianne Lancaster, Senior Recruiter at Chainyard, and IT People Company dianne.lancasterchainyard.com mailtodianne.lancasterchainyard.com About Chainyard ndash Chainyard is a dynamic team of blockchain enthusiasts with the expertise, process, and technology required to develop world-class business and software solutions. With a focus on enterprise use cases, Chainyard is helping companies navigate blockchain by working with them to identify value, prioritize opportunities and develop solutions. Chainyard offers an engaging and diverse work environment that permits our people to take pride in their contributions and share in the company's success. Our employees can expect the space to showcase their talent, sharpen their skills, develop new capabilities, and be a part of a global team that develops revolutionary technologies. We proudly offer the stability of a larger company without the rigidity and bureaucracy. In particular, we offer Meaningful work with the potential to disrupt nearly every industry Excellent compensation packages which includes 100 paid employee healthcare Flexible time off policy and reasonably accommodating work schedules Access to cutting-edge tools and technologies Collaborative, innovative and intelligent teammates Chainyard is an IT People Company. IT People has developed partnerships with employees and clients since 1999. We believe in long-term relationships with associates who are seeking professional growth. We offer our employees a competitive salary, bonus structure, comprehensive insurance benefits, paid time off, holidays and 401K.TO APPLY Please follow the standard apply process on this website and with your resume attachment (preferably in MS Word) to the attention of Dianne Lancaster, Senior Recruiter at Chainyard, and IT People Company dianne.lancasterchainyard.com mailtodianne.lancasterchainyard.com For more information about the company, please visit our website This is a direct hire W2 salaried opportunity with full benefits with our company. Sorry no 3rd Parties ",
    "Location": "Morrisville, North Carolina, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IT People",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
