{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20html",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20html",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Medici Ventures hiring Designer in Midvale, Utah, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "1DB3146693294C67CE4FD54941F71372",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/designer-at-medici-ventures-1875471578?refId=f739a65d-169d-4ba9-b8ab-7adaa946aa7a&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Designer Midvale, Utah Working for Medici Medici Ventures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com launched in 2014. Our goal is to change the world by advancing blockchain technology. Blockchain technology offers us the chance to replace fear, suspicion, deception and fraud with trust, confidence and the ability to connect and transact freely with all people. We\u2019re working to empower everyone, including the poorest, to participate in local, national, and global markets, and to eliminate costly intermediary industries and middlemen, and to help people connect directly with one another. Help us achieve these goals while working with a high skilled and personable team, with competitive compensation, in a fantastic environment at Medici Ventures. Designer At Medici a designer is well rounded carrying both visual design and user experience design skills. In this role you\u2019ll design for a wide variety of assets for bleeding edge tech companies. You\u2019ll provide high quality, aesthetically pleasing and unique visuals for interactive products, websites, presentations, branding, and etc. You\u2019ll be relied upon to have an understanding of design principles. You\u2019ll collaborate with business and product people to design the vision of products. Development teams will then depend on you to provide prototypes for current milestone efforts. You\u2019ll critique your designs and others with the design team, and discuss processes and tools. You\u2019ll be able to clearly communicate the design philosophy and reasoning behind your design decisions to teams and stakeholders. You will assist with user testing and analytics data review. Teams will rely on you to understand the nuances of human interaction with digital products, and to interpret user test results, then design creative new solutions that yield better results. What You Will Do Partner with the product teams to define problems & goals, map user flows, prototype interactions, and manage design expectations Design elegant flows & interactions for a global audience, across platforms Execute effectively in a fast-paced environment with ambiguity Champion design as a primary collaboration point for all disciplines Assess product testing results and team feedback and respond with design updates quickly and completely Assist with the creation of repurpose-able design assets and infrastructure Keep organized, well structured, design files Design within prototype, and design system specifications What You Should Have: Minimum 2 years of collaborative experience in the capacity of designer of visual and user experience design Strong design portfolio (should contain real business examples and may contain person work) Proficient in Xd or equivalent design tool Proficiency with prototyping both Lo-fi & hi-fi experiences Proficiency in Adobe illustrator and photoshop Have contributed on a team as a designer with strong collaboration Demonstrate experience sufficient enough to understand common software development processes, challenges, and needs Demonstrates prioritization of quality and completion over convenience and ease Effective and clear communicator and team collaborator Ability to communicate design philosophy, reasoning, and decisions to teams Demonstrate working knowledge of typography, photography, illustration, color and design Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced team environment Culturally aware and continuously interested in developing design skills to stay abreast of the latest relevant trends What We Hope You Have: Proficiency in Framer, protopie, origami studio, or other prototype tools Animation skills 3d software experience Adobe After Effects experience HTML, CSS, and other front-end code. Physical Requirements This position requires the incumbent to sit, stand and perform general office functions. The incumbent may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202f This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law What We Offer LEED Gold Certified 19-acre Campus & Global HQ Onsite Daycare Center 401k (6% match) Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Indoor Bike Storage Summer Party at Lagoon, Utah's largest theme park Employee Fall Concert (Past performers include: Neon Trees, Snoop Dogg and Bret Michaels) Medical, Dental, Vision coverage Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Life Insurance, Short and Long-Term Disability coverage Onsite salon services, massages, & auto-detail services Discounts on ski passes, cell phone plans Overstock Women's Network (OWN) Benefits vary based on location, position, tenure, and employee election What We Value Wellness & Balance Sustainability Corporate Social Responsibility Innovation Physical Requirements: This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates. This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Posted 12 Days Ago Full time R0004092 Who Is Medici Ventures Medici Ventures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com launched in 2014. Our goal is to change the world by advancing blockchain technology. We believe that by advancing blockchain technology we can bring the people of the world closer together. By eliminating the need for trust institutions to stand between us, blockchain offers humanity the chance to re-engage and connect once again as people. Blockchain technology offers us the chance to replace fear, suspicion, deception and fraud with trust, confidence and the ability to connect and transact freely with all people. More information at MediciVentures.com ",
    "Location": "Midvale, Utah, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Medici Ventures",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
