{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Apifiny hiring Director of Product Marketing and Communications in New York City Metropolitan Area | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "25951B5BF8C1B9B3EE43C03139BAC385",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-of-product-marketing-and-communications-at-apifiny-1830180333?refId=090fb5b7-d4a8-430e-923a-6e369659109a&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " We are looking for a Director of Product Marketing join our fast-growing team. You are a self-starter with a proven B2B Fintech track record who is passionate about driving growth. Reporting to the VP, Global Marketing, you will be responsible for driving the go-to-market approach for our growing product suite, through the lens of product marketing -- you\u2019ll guide and execute product-level initiatives for sales enablement, product awareness, customer acquisition, and more. The possibilities are endless. You\u2019ll orchestrate product positioning & messaging, product-level customer acquisition programs, and play a key role in PR and communications. These include product launch planning and execution, and developing content and programs that drive field success, market awareness, and channel enablement.?? The ideal candidate will be a hands-on creator and evangelist of content, including fine-tuned messaging, presentations, whitepapers, and more. You are adept at distilling complex technical concepts and distilling them into concise, compelling messaging for multiple formats. The right candidate has successfully generated B2B Fintech pipeline growth via the full complement of marketing channels. You are an exceptional creative writer, highly analytical, and well-versed in the tools of the trade (CRM, Marketing Automation, CMS, Social Media Management, SEO & SEM tools, etc.). Most importantly, you are relentless in your desire to accelerate growth \u2013 a must given our ambitious growth goals.???? Additionally, candidates must have??prior B2B fintech marketing experience, ideally in the crypto space, or alternatively in businesses selling to exchanges, hedge funds, OTC desks, institutional traders, and/or market makers.??This is an exciting time in the organization as we continue to innovate on how we go to market with our solutions and add value in the institutional trading ecosystem.. About US: ?? Apifiny is a leading technology group dedicated to establishing a global asset transaction network using blockchain technology. Leveraging its state-of-the-art tokenization and exchange platforms, Apifiny's mission is to facilitate the unrestricted flow of tokenized assets worldwide. ?? Apifiny believes that blockchain technology is not just about cryptocurrencies. By combining the innovative features of blockchain technology with creatively designed tokenomics, we believe that we have the opportunity to revolutionize the existing global assets trading paradigm. By allowing assets to be efficiently transacted worldwide, we hope to give everyone an equal opportunity to buy and sell quality assets from around the world, bringing wealth and prosperity to the masses. ?? We\u2019re a driven team of innovators and builders, solving novel problems in innovative ways using creative technology. This is your opportunity to get in early on a team with global vision and localized efforts. You\u2019re the expert and we want to give you the runway to be the best. If you have the drive and passion to build the future of asset circulation with us, we want to hear about it. ??Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Drive pipeline growth and adoption of Apifiny\u2019s growing product suite \u2014 create and execute innovative marketing strategies and integrated campaigns to drive awareness, product adoption, and ongoing engagement. ?? Help develop product positioning, value propositions, and key messaging to be used across every customer touchpoint. Ensure that field sales has the high impact tools needed to win \u2014 messaging and content deliverables that articulate Apifiny offerings, differentiating value, and key benefits. E.g., infographics, white papers, byline articles, webinars, ROI calculators, blogs, podcasts, and other customer-facing materials. Own PR relationships to gain executive speaking engagements, executive quotes in industry publications, byline articles published, etc. Own and execute best-in-class, timely product launches and initiatives, and help customers, press, and analysts understand why our new solutions are valuable to the market. Create targeted content for market awareness and SEO. Track campaign performance and optimize through continuous testing. Remain up to date on the competitive landscape, always being aware of new strategies and shifts within the vertical. Ability to analyze customer and market requirements and trends, in addition to field requirements and deliver high-impact sales tools, enablement and training e.g. sales presentations, battle-cards, cheat sheets, ROI tools, etc. Drive pipeline growth and adoption of Apifiny\u2019s growing product suite \u2014 create and execute innovative marketing strategies and integrated campaigns to drive awareness, product adoption, and ongoing engagement Qualifications: ?? 5+ years marketing experience in B2B product marketing, preferably with a successful track record in FinTech or financial services. Prior experience in crypto/blockchain is a MUST. Experience??with multiple B2B buying channels, from field events to digital, including email marketing, webinars, landing page optimization, search (paid and organic), organic social media and PR. Ability to develop, execute, and communicate a long-term strategic vision, while also balancing immediate priorities and opportunities. Strong bias to action and results-oriented mindset. Ability to create effective messaging strategies and tell compelling stories about our products and business to any audience \u2013 whether it\u2019s our consumers, internal team, or industry at large. Possess an entrepreneurial and founder mindset, ready to take on tasks outside of role with strong agility to change and to be flexible/resilient. Ability to thrive and be resourceful in a fast-paced environment; start-up experience prefered. Highly data-driven with a love for digging in and optimizing the numbers. Strong interpersonal skills with ability to collaborate and work cross-functionally with creative, technical, and analytical counterparts. ?? ",
    "Location": "New York City Metropolitan Area",
    "CompanyName": "Apifiny",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
