{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Argo Group hiring Developer - Technology Innovation in San Antonio, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "26949133B5D80A30B0165E8B59A3C990",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/developer-technology-innovation-at-argo-group-1797577470?refId=cbd90bd3-a435-4fb2-b3c2-821450c1f0f1&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " At Argo Group, our team members are critical to our long-term success \u2013 so wherever in the world they work, everyone works together. Within our IT Innovation Team, we are looking for an Innovation Team Lead. Argo Group, through its operating subsidiaries, offers high-quality Commercial Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance products and services tailored to the needs of businesses and public entities. At Argo Group, we leverage the success, discipline and expertise of our people and an understanding of our customers\u2019 needs to provide a diverse portfolio of products and services. This approach helps those we insure drive down their ultimate cost through prevention and aggressive claims handling. Simply stated, our products and services help keep businesses in business. Who do we need? Argo is committed to finding ways to improve our business and the speed of technology today is constantly developing new and exciting ways to do so. We need someone who wants to know more about what we do and who likes to find ways to exploit technology to enhance and change the way we do it. Some ideas may not pan out, but some may, and we want someone in this position that knows they have good ideas and are willing to take a small team on an exploratory adventure to see if they pan out. This is not your typical IT role and we don\u2019t want it to feel that way. This position requires strong leadership qualities combined with hands-on experience to be able to envision and execute the technical needs of the department. The individual must have excellent communication skills as well as the ability to provide leadership to internal staff and assist in managing our vendor relationships. What are the main areas of responsibility? Designing and overseeing the development of new products, services and processes. Supporting the IT department in identifying and validating opportunities for system innovations. Leading and mentoring teams that require a high amount of architecture, innovation and vision. Coordinating with vendors and the Digital Department to understand both current and future initiatives and how they work to benefit the IT functionality for Argo. Building out innovation capabilities and transferring them into the corporate culture to impact the broader organization. Researching technologies like AI, and blockchain and other emerging tech with a focus on their application to our products and services. Participating in an architectural capacity to review IT initiatives on going and planned with a focus on compatibility with future innovation and modern digital experiences What does an Innovation Team Lead\u2019s workday look like? Interprets and understands business strategy in order to determine if innovative IT solutions support strategy implementation. Researches and recommend new innovative strategies that will support the IT needs of the business. Design and model solutions for client innovation along with similar initiatives. Works closely with our Digital Team to design and develop innovative architecture. Mentors and leads consultants, internal employees, team functions and activities for implementation and execution of innovation strategies. Manages and evaluates portfolio data and innovation pipeline by providing research and recommendations for strategic decision-making. Works closely with the Director of Innovation & Integrations on major projects/initiatives Coordinates with consulting vendors/service providers during the delivery of project(s). Collaborates with the key organizational stakeholders to define a strategic plan and feasibility of innovative IT solutions to ensure alignment of approach to measurable business outcomes. Keeps up to date on articles relative to the field and attends relevant events that have a focus on innovation. Required Skills What\u2019s required for the position: Experience building and leading a cross-discipline team. Ability to manage priorities and expectations in a complex and fast-moving environment. Vendor Management: Experience in managing and working with consulting vendors/service providers during the delivery of technology projects. Time Management and Delivery: Must possess and demonstrate excellent time management skills with the ability to achieve results in a very deadline driven environment and must be focused on quality and delivering on commitments. Required Experience Education: Bachelors\u2019 Degree in technology, computer science, or business. Communication: Skilled and passionate verbal and written communicator. Technical Skills: minimum 5+ years\u2019 experience developing with static and/or dynamic programming languages and minimum 3+ years\u2019 experience with RDBMS and NoSQL data stores. Work Experience: Previous work experience within large, centralized information technology departments for 5+ years, ideally in the financial services industry. Analysis: Must be a very strong problem solver and apply strong critical analysis to business scenarios in the context of data architecture. Vendor Management: Experience in managing and working with consulting vendors/service providers during the delivery of technology projects. Time Management and Delivery: Must possess and demonstrate excellent time management skills with the ability to achieve results in a very deadline driven environment and must be focused on quality and delivering on commitments. In addition, you embody our core values as they are the key to our success: We desire to excel We are committed to our clients and to each other We have the courage to do the right thing We apply original thinking Developing our employees professionally and personally strengthens our organization. Argo Group offers competitive pay and benefits that protect and enhance the lives of employees and their eligible dependents by way of health and wellness plans, life insurance, savings and investment opportunities, adoption assistance, education assistance, and matching gifts for education and charitable causes, just to name a few. Come join the World Class Leader in Global Specialty Insurance and build your career here! And don\u2019t forget to tell your friends, we have a fantastic Employee Referral Program too! We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws. Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the \u201cApply with LinkedIn\u201d button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process. ",
    "Location": "San Antonio, Texas, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Argo Group",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
