{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20clarity",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20clarity",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Watson Health - Sr Mng. Transformation Consultant - Provider in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "26E9017AFBFF91EFD65EA1636FF6D679",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/watson-health-sr-mng-transformation-consultant-provider-at-ibm-1840727482?refId=94e67205-ccfe-4984-a042-1b401bcb8cf1&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction Are you a pioneer? An \u201cintrapreneur\u201d? Do you like building businesses from the ground up? Are you passionate about Healthcare and want to change how it is delivered today? Are disruptive technologies like AI, Blockchain and Quantum interesting to you? Do you want to run fast and break things?If so, we have an opportunity for you! We are on a journey to build a services practice within IBM Watson Health. Our mission is to bring create a services team that has the clarity, focus, empathy and industry expertise needed to shape the transformative journey with our most important clients. We will do that with the incredible products, data sets and platforms across IBM Watson Health and IBM. This is a new venture that has a startup\u2019s mentality with the support of the IBM enterprise behind it. Health transformation, like digital transformation, requires a balance of technology, people, innovation, and disruption to meet its ambitious goals. Watson Health Services brings those capabilities, our world-class platform, and broad partner ecosystem to some of the most impactful efforts in the Health industry. Our team needs those with intellectual curiosity, desire, ambition and fortitude to help lead these efforts at some of the most prestigious health organizations in the world. Come join our team! Your Role and Responsibilities Specific Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To As a Senior Managing Business Transformation Consultant, you\u2019ll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive healthcare and consulting experience, helping our clients transform their business with the power of IBM Watson Health platform. Your role may take either a strategic or tactical view of a company\u2019s total business. You will work with clients to refine their current business strategy or develop a new strategy in line with competitive and market forces. You will identify strategic capabilities needed to create and sustain a competitive advantage, considering process, information technology, and organizational enablement. You will identify and recommend solutions to drive business value, shape strategic transformation plans, create the case for change, and implement the approach to get there from start to finish. Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Associate Partners; Manage multi-functional teams to deliver large digital transformation projects Use in-depth consulting skills and business knowledge aligned to business objectives, processes, measurements and tools to analyze their clients business issues, formulate hypotheses and test conclusions to determine appropriate solutions Be involved in the financial management of clients Become fluent in the business value creation and transformative capabilities of IBM Watson Health's products, data sets and platform Be actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients Create project management plans, project roadmaps, and strategic roadmaps Contribute to the development of your own and team\u2019s industry, consulting and technical acumen Train, coach, and supervise staff Be active in the product / offering management lifecycle to help shape the next generation of IBM Watson Health products Establish a deep internal network across IBM Watson Health and IBM Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years of consulting experience in the healthcare space (preferably provider) Progressive consulting experience at a Big4 or similar type firm Ability to identify and influence key stakeholders Critical thinking, curiosity, and knowledge of technology solutions. Experience managing multi-functional team of 4-7 staff Ability to analyze complex/new situations, anticipate potential problems and future trends, assess opportunities, impacts, and risk Experience in design, process optimization, or/change management, data, analytics and technology Experience with healthcare / physician operations, care management and coordination, revenue cycle management, patient experience design Led digital transformation efforts across business and IT in a physician environment Strong understanding of clinical decision support and health informatics systems, including EMR / EHR, telehealth, RWE data and clinical analytics Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise N/A About Business Unit IBM Watson Health is a mission driven organization focused on leading the transformation of health around the world by applying next-generation technologies, such as data, analytics, AI, hybrid cloud, and automation,to address the most pressing health challenges globally. Leveraging the power of IBM\u2019s Cloud and AI platforms, Watson Health partners with the greatest minds in the healthcare world in life sciences, health plans and tech \u2013to research, develop, train and test globally impactful technologies. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Location": "Raleigh, North Carolina, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
