{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20kotlin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20kotlin",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "R3 hiring Solutions Engineer - DevOps in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "28E53550E3C8323B8F90866A3CCB09F6",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/solutions-engineer-devops-at-r3-1881008919?refId=e876541a-fd3e-48eb-b30e-642c0c6825d0&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " R3 is an enterprise blockchain software firm working with a broad ecosystem of more than 300 members and partners across multiple industries from both the private and public sectors to develop on Corda, our open-source blockchain platform, and Corda Enterprise, a commercial version for enterprise usage. Our global team of over 300 professionals in 13 countries is supported by over 2,000 technology, financial, and legal experts drawn from our global member base. Our Corda platform is already being used in industries from financial services to healthcare, shipping, insurance and more. It records, manages, executes institutions\u2019 financial agreements in perfect synchrony with their peers, creating a world of frictionless commerce. Professional Services team R3\u2019s Professional Services team works to bring Corda specialist expertise to our customers to make their adoption successful. We engage directly with our customers to design, build, deploy and advise them on their Corda journey to ensure long-term capabilities are sustained. Through a mix of business consulting, technical solutions and implementation, we help customers achieve their goals in the most effective way for their business. Our customer-centric and innovative approach to providing services and solutions in the industry allows us to strategically assess our customer's needs and ensure they are set-up for success from the beginning of their journey. In addition to working directly with our customers, we strive to ensure that we are collaborating internally with our Sales, Engineering and Product organisations to provide better tooling, services and products based on our customers evolving needs. Role We are looking for a talented customer-facing Solutions Engineer who is passionate about DevOps. As a Solutions Engineer, you will be part of the professional services team, your mission is to help our customers solve complex groundbreaking problems using R3\u2019s blockchain/distributed ledger platform Corda Enterprise. You will leverage your technical expertise to help our customers create scalable solutions using the latest capabilities of Corda. As a Solutions Engineer who is focussed on DevOps, you will be responsible for the architecture, design and build of infrastructure for our customer solutions, be an expert in cloud technologies, such as Azure, AWS and Google cloud. You will be focussing on creating highly scalable architecture using distributed systems. You will have a strong understanding of infrastructure as code, with commercial experience in building out orchestration and infrastructure using tools such as Terraform & Ansible and expand our containerisation story using Docker and Kubernetes. You will be responsible for contributing to the team\u2019s tool-kit of reusable deployment blueprints and document accordingly. The enterprise blockchain space is rapidly developing, opening numerous opportunities to define solutions for problems that no one has solved yet. Due to the client-facing role nature of this role, it\u2019s will be suited to someone who has previous consultancy or a professional services background, please expect to travel as needed to customer site in the Americas. Responsibilities Participate in deployment workshops with R3 customers to understand their bespoke infrastructure requirements. Design, document and present back to stakeholders. Understand customer requirements and provide guidance on which deployment strategy. Build new scripts based on customer requirements and leverage R3\u2019s deployment templates. Provide guidance on Corda Application and design based on Java/Kotlin Provide expert guidance on scalability and performance testing. Work with customers to ascertain infrastructure and hosting requirements for their Blockchain application. Understand and articulate these requirements and leverage our deployment Work with Docker containers to encapsulate proprietary software. Manage go-live activities with the customer providing hyper care. Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. You\u2019ll also be responsible for providing timely, and actionable, information to the R3 Product Management team to help them assess, and prioritise future Corda platform features and capabilities. Monitor and test application performance for potential bottlenecks, identify possible solutions and work with developers to implement those fixes.Qualifications Proven working experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting UNIX /Linux based environments, preferably for a financial services institution Solid Cloud experience, preferably in Azure, AWS and google cloud also welcome. Experience with monitoring systems (DataDog, Graphite/Grafana) Previous experience with automation software (Ansible and Terraform) Experience with central logging systems (preferable ELK) Commercial experience with containerisation (Kubernetes) Passion for scripting skills (shell, Python) Experience with one or more blockchain technologies desirable but not essentialBenefits Vibrant, centrally located offices (with snacks provided) Private Medical & Dental (location dependent) Retirement scheme & life insurance Enhanced parental leave & family friendly policies Competitive vacation allowance Working from home & flexible working (as needed and agreed) A competitive salary that reflects your experience and merit Discretionary Equity Based Incentive Plan Discretionary bonus (or commission based incentive plan) Employee Referral ProgramOur Values Our values are our DNA. They define what we stand for and guide how we work together internally and with our customers, partners, and shareholders. Customers First The success of our customers is paramount. We build strong relationships and strive to create the best possible experience for them. Collaborative We bring together all parts of the ecosystem and give our customers the tools and environment to work together to change their industries. Bold We have the agility of a small company, but the confidence and ambition of the industry-defining titan we aspire to become. Ownership We demand excellence and take pride in our products and services. ",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "R3",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
