{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20frameworks",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20frameworks",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Cognizant hiring Manager Consulting \u2013 Banking and Financial Services in Accord, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "2A73405C187C306190EF602CEB74CA8F",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-consulting-%E2%80%93-banking-and-financial-services-at-cognizant-1793261886?refId=a8f4175d-5c9c-4b55-8382-c6cc320838b3&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " The Company Cognizant (NASDAQ:CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant has over 160,000 employees as of March 31, 2013. Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Cognizant Business Consulting Cognizant Business Consulting (CBC) is a global consulting organization delivering strategic and domain consulting through industry and technology expertise. With over 3,400 consultants worldwide, CBC offers high-value consulting services that improve business performance and operational productivity, lower operational expenses and enhance overall performance. Clients draw upon our deep industry expertise, program and change management capabilities and analytical objectivity to help improve business productivity, drive technology-enabled business transformation and increase shareholder value. We provide a number of Business/IT Consulting Services including: Business Strategy, IT Strategy & Roadmap Development, Process Re-Engineering & Transformation, Enterprise Architecture & Technology Selection, and Domain Solutions. The CBC team is a high performing organization that is continually expanding our client base and increasingly being recommended by analysts such as Forrester and Gartner. Role And Responsibilities Consulting within the Banking and Financial Services (BFS) team, you play an important role of owning and managing the delivery and execution of medium to large-size consulting projects for Fortune 500 banks and financial services firms. Within this specific role you will be responsible for managing client relationships during key engagements \u2013 ranging from partnering with client stakeholders on understanding their key objectives, and then providing contextualized and high-impact solutions \u2013 while leveraging a small team of consultants and SMEs from different parts of Cognizant. You will front-end and lead the project in both strategic advisory and transformation projects. Additionally, you will also be responsible to focus on Business Development (in terms of preparing proposals and responses for RFPs, leading and/or participating in related client discussions, analyzing the overall needs of clients and extending existing projects to new areas \u2013 meeting relevant needs of the client. Finally, you will also be responsible for practice development and internal capability development for your consulting group (through IC development, solution offering development, team development, and coaching and mentoring of consultants and peers). Key focus Areas: You should have strong experience and credentials in 2 or more of the following BFS consulting areas \u2013 Business Driven IT Strategy, Technology and Platform Optimization, Banking Regulatory and Market Trends, Digital Banking, Business / Ops / IT Transformation Responsibilities Include Own and lead Client engagements - working directly with Cognizant\u2019s Banking and Financial Services clients, providing consulting services designed to help them solve their most complex business and technology issues Draw from experience in providing thought-leadership and partnering with clients on solutioning approach to tough business-technology transformation initiatives (e.g. platform transformation, regulatory programs, process and cost optimization etc.) Lead business development activities in the form of leading RFI/RFP responses and proposal development, defining the contextual solution, engaging the right teams and SMEs from different parts of the organization, and supporting Principals and Partners with Client engagement. Consistent business development credentials of around $1M for the last 2 years or more Lead a team of Consultants through client engagement, hypotheses based analysis, business case development, and development of focused and contextual solutions Deliver outstanding client results, direct client personnel, prepare work plans, facilitate client teams to implement recommendations Draw conclusions from the market /industry trends, client issues and support go to market initiatives for Cognizant Lead IC development thru research, design and writing of articles/whitepapers and lead development of solution offerings, and other collateral Proactively support team building and on boarding efforts via mentoring Help strengthen client's confidence in Cognizant and Cognizant's ability to deliver Need To Have A broad, enterprise-wide view of the banking business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance. Has detailed understanding and appreciation of process operations, functional behavior of leading software products, market overview and fintech trends in two or more of the following areas: Deposits, Commercial Loans, Mortgages, Auto Loans, Credit Cards, Payments, Wealth Management, Risk, Capital Markets Detailed knowledge of Value Streams, Business Capabilities, Business Process Modeling and Conceptual & Logical Architecture principles Detailed understanding of Data Architecture and Data Models. Detailed Knowledge of one or more Industry frameworks in Banking that involves Business Capability, Process and/or Service Oriented Architecture. Examples of such frameworks are: BIAN, APQC, IFX, OFX, SWIFT / ISO 20022, MISMO etc. Experience using model-based visual representations that can be adjusted as required to collect, aggregate or disaggregate complex and conflicting information about the business. Knowledge of BPMN and UML is highly desirable. Experience in developing solution approach, plan, roadmap, conceptual architecture, Target Operating Models and Standard Operating Procedures for implementing technology in banks. Good understanding of the entire SDLC process\u2014( planning, requirements, design, development, deployment, release management) including appreciation of Agile and DevOps concepts that shapes these SDLC processes Great communication skills and experience in using advanced features of PowerPoint and Excel. Experience in working closely with Banking CIOs/ IT Senior Executives, Banking Product Management and Operations Teams, Solution Architects, Technical Architects and Application Development Teams in an advisory / consulting role. Nice To Have Understanding of Cloud and Microservices Architecture Understanding of Open Banking and APIs. Understanding of emerging technologies such as AI/ ML, RPA, Blockchain Understanding of Enterprise Architecture Frameworks such as TOGAF or Zachman. Understanding of Service Delivery and ITIL concepts Education \u2013 Masters in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, IT, Statistics/Data Science related subjects. Certification in use of Agile Methodologies (SAFe, Scrum, PMI-ACP etc) Role And Responsibilities Consulting within the Banking and Financial Services (BFS) team, you play an important role of owning and managing the delivery and execution of medium to large-size consulting projects for Fortune 500 banks and financial services firms. Within this specific role you will be responsible for managing client relationships during key engagements \u2013 ranging from partnering with client stakeholders on understanding their key objectives, and then providing contextualized and high-impact solutions \u2013 while leveraging a small team of consultants and SMEs from different parts of Cognizant. You will front-end and lead the project in both strategic advisory and transformation projects. Additionally, you will also be responsible to focus on Business Development (in terms of preparing proposals and responses for RFPs, leading and/or participating in related client discussions, analyzing the overall needs of clients and extending existing projects to new areas \u2013 meeting relevant needs of the client. Finally, you will also be responsible for practice development and internal capability development for your consulting group (through IC development, solution offering development, team development, and coaching and mentoring of consultants and peers). Key focus Areas: You should have strong experience and credentials in 2 or more of the following BFS consulting areas \u2013 Business Driven IT Strategy, Technology and Platform Optimization, Banking Regulatory and Market Trends, Digital Banking, Business / Ops / IT Transformation Responsibilities Include Own and lead Client engagements - working directly with Cognizant\u2019s Banking and Financial Services clients, providing consulting services designed to help them solve their most complex business and technology issues Draw from experience in providing thought-leadership and partnering with clients on solutioning approach to tough business-technology transformation initiatives (e.g. platform transformation, regulatory programs, process and cost optimization etc.) Lead business development activities in the form of leading RFI/RFP responses and proposal development, defining the contextual solution, engaging the right teams and SMEs from different parts of the organization, and supporting Principals and Partners with Client engagement. Consistent business development credentials of around $1M for the last 2 years or more Lead a team of Consultants through client engagement, hypotheses based analysis, business case development, and development of focused and contextual solutions Deliver outstanding client results, direct client personnel, prepare work plans, facilitate client teams to implement recommendations Draw conclusions from the market /industry trends, client issues and support go to market initiatives for Cognizant Lead IC development thru research, design and writing of articles/whitepapers and lead development of solution offerings, and other collateral Proactively support team building and on boarding efforts via mentoring Help strengthen client's confidence in Cognizant and Cognizant's ability to deliver Need To Have A broad, enterprise-wide view of the banking business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance. Has detailed understanding and appreciation of process operations, functional behavior of leading software products, market overview and fintech trends in two or more of the following areas: Deposits, Commercial Loans, Mortgages, Auto Loans, Credit Cards, Payments, Wealth Management, Risk, Capital Markets Detailed knowledge of Value Streams, Business Capabilities, Business Process Modeling and Conceptual & Logical Architecture principles Detailed understanding of Data Architecture and Data Models. Detailed Knowledge of one or more Industry frameworks in Banking that involves Business Capability, Process and/or Service Oriented Architecture. Examples of such frameworks are: BIAN, APQC, IFX, OFX, SWIFT / ISO 20022, MISMO etc. Experience using model-based visual representations that can be adjusted as required to collect, aggregate or disaggregate complex and conflicting information about the business. Knowledge of BPMN and UML is highly desirable. Experience in developing solution approach, plan, roadmap, conceptual architecture, Target Operating Models and Standard Operating Procedures for implementing technology in banks. Good understanding of the entire SDLC process\u2014( planning, requirements, design, development, deployment, release management) including appreciation of Agile and DevOps concepts that shapes these SDLC processes Great communication skills and experience in using advanced features of PowerPoint and Excel. Experience in working closely with Banking CIOs/ IT Senior Executives, Banking Product Management and Operations Teams, Solution Architects, Technical Architects and Application Development Teams in an advisory / consulting role. Nice To Have Understanding of Cloud and Microservices Architecture Understanding of Open Banking and APIs. Understanding of emerging technologies such as AI/ ML, RPA, Blockchain Understanding of Enterprise Architecture Frameworks such as TOGAF or Zachman. Understanding of Service Delivery and ITIL concepts Education \u2013 Masters in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, IT, Statistics/Data Science related subjects. Certification in use of Agile Methodologies (SAFe, Scrum, PMI-ACP etc) Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : Yes, 100 % of the Time Job Posting : Apr 06 2020 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender, identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. ",
    "Location": "Accord, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Cognizant",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
