{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "VMware hiring Sr. Manager, Blockchain Go-to-Market in Palo Alto, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "2B8EFB023317D0F09C3163B4AAC31C3B",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-manager-blockchain-go-to-market-at-vmware-1863380845?refId=90295d85-4ea0-403b-a10d-cf08abfa4f6a&position=8&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " VMware Blockchain Blockchain is an emerging technology that has the promise to change the world we live in. With VMware\u2019s vast experience in building highly trusted distributed systems and our background of several years of advanced research in this space, we are poised to transform the industry\u2019s definition of Blockchain and what it can do. This is a unique opportunity to join an early business unit team in the Office of the CTO \u2013 we are growing a team of highly skilled individuals to help us build the business and change the industry. VMware\u2019s Blockchain platform is a unique offering for enterprise customers who want to leverage Blockchain technology, but who also need enterprise-grade robustness, performance, scalability and Day 2 Operations. In this role, you will work with a team of talented and focused leaders while collaborating with VMware\u2019s Research Group, the open source Blockchain efforts, key partners, and the broader VMware cross-functional teams. Our initial Blockchain service is in private preview phase, we are looking to build out a best-in-class team as we progress toward a generally available service. We are seeking high energy, talented leaders who want to be part of a team that is defining how Blockchain technology will be used to deliver enterprise class DLT services. Job Description The Sr. Manager, Blockchain Go-to-Market will lead the development of the Blockchain BUs GTM strategy and execution, working closely with the product team, and the broader VMware cross functional organizations including marketing, sales ops, alliance teams, professional services and support organizations. The responsibilities of this role include building strategies that will drive emerging product growth and drive business in new markets leveraging our existing and emerging routes-to-market and strategic partnerships. This role will be involved in all aspects of defining the supporting sales and partner models and pipeline, as well as defining initiatives that will be critical to realizing commercial success. This individual must be very strong at working cross functionally at all levels of the organization and have a track record of creatively developing outside the status quo. The successful candidate will be a \u201cStrategic Doer\u201d with great energy, initiative and leadership qualities that inspire collaboration and influence cross functional teams to execute and evolve the GTM strategy of the Blockchain BU. Responsibilities Lead the development of the go-to-market strategy and execution for the Blockchain Business Unit based on a deep understanding of the Blockchain market, the ecosystem value chain, and routes-to-market Develop direct sales enablement plans, sales enablement tool kits and sales compensation plans; develop partner enablement strategy and joint partner sales models with technology partners, service partners and channel partners Understand and analyze the competition and landscape and develop the related competitive strategies and competitive intelligence materials Develop and execute product launch plans with launch partners and customers; Understand customer use-cases and develop customer case studies Analyze market trends and customer feedback to anticipate customer needs, and plan for addressing them through the GTM plans or provide to Product teams for inclusion in product planning Provide thought leadership, perform business analysis and develop and validate business models to support the execution of high-impact strategic projects and initiatives Required Skills And Qualifications 10+ years of GTM function experience with demonstrated ability to develop and execute the GTM strategy in an early market. Substantial experience in multiple of the following areas: sales strategy and operations, direct sales enablement, partner enablement across technology, services and channel partners, competitive analysis Go-to-market leader who takes initiative, and who also has the maturity to independently develop and execute plans for an evolving business and product in an early market Strategic and analytical skills to find and use data and analysis effectively to assist in data-based decision making. Makes high quality decisions and takes decisive action. Strong business acumen and strategic thinking skills balanced with operational execution capabilities Results focus with experience in setting goals and assigning metrics to determine when goals are achieved. Demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment BA/BS degree or equivalent; MBA preferred Product management or product marketing experience for products with advanced technology such as Blockchain, Machine Learning, AI, Big Data is a strong plus Category : Marketing Subcategory: Product Management Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2020-06-05 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what\u2019s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. "
}