{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20analytical",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20analytical",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Endeavor hiring Marketing Lead @ OpenZeppelin in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "2C1D51C7B4F51C8DCF695609B44C9A48",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/marketing-lead-%40-openzeppelin-at-endeavor-1774626120?refId=cac71123-026c-45c3-b420-fd5e367370ca&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " About The Company OpenZeppelin is a leading cybersecurity company providing security audits and developer tools for decentralized systems that power multimillion dollar networks. At OpenZeppelin, we have built the leading solution for the secure execution of business transactions via smart contracts, with a 12% market share and maintained by a community of 200+ contributors. Our unique expertise and technology also allowed us to uncover major security vulnerabilities for the Ethereum Foundation, Coinbase, Compound, and Facebook\u2019s Libra, among other leading organizations. With the success of our product, our security audits work, and our educational efforts, we have set industry standards for building secure systems in a fast-growing industry that is creating an open financial system for the world. About The Role As the Marketing Lead of OpenZeppelin, you will define and execute OpenZeppelin's marketing strategy binding together all our offerings (Open Source tools, Product and Services). For this, you will partner with all three teams and understand our users and audiences to develop marketing priorities and effective campaign initiatives connecting all the offerings. You will drive awareness, generate leads, and grow our community through multiple programs such as content marketing, event participation, and email campaigns. You will manage a Designer, and work closely with team members, community members and external parties to create content, promote it and ensure compliance of the OpenZeppelin brand across internal and external outlets. You will manage a Community Manager to define, implement, and manage the necessary toolset to interact with the community. Mid-term goals include Driving awareness, generating leads, accelerating pipeline and growing community through a cohesive marketing strategy that binds all OpenZeppelin\u2019s offerings (Open Source tools, Product, Services). Programs can include outbound email and direct mail campaigns, webinars, partner activities, content marketing, social and online marketing, and OpenZeppelin and third-party events. Designing and executing content strategy. Identify topics and partner with team and community members to create messaging and original content that showcases OpenZeppelin\u2019s offerings and benefits to our target audience. This may include blog posts, research and reports, guides, presentations and sales material. Defining an event attendance strategy by sourcing, planning, and coordinating meetups, hackathons and industry events around the world. Find speaking opportunities at conferences and define actions to increase brand awareness and community engagement as a result of them. Coordinating product launches and company announcements. Define and execute PR strategy by managing relationships with journalists and influencers, and working with a PR agency. Gathering concrete community feedback on OpenZeppelin\u2019s offerings and providing it to Product and Security leads. Tracking, measuring and communicating program results. Report program results and future priorities with OpenZeppelin leadership. Ensuring compliance of OpenZeppelin brand strategy across all internal and external outlets and publications, including both copywriting and visual style. Requirements 3+ years of previous experience working on international marketing strategies in technology companies, including specific experience with content creation, content marketing and event management to generate demand. Superb organization and project management skills. Ability to work on and manage multiple complex projects with multiple stakeholders, at once Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to communicate complex topics with simplicity and clarity, and to communicate powerful stories to drive demand. Proven ability to create, edit and promote written and visual content. Ability to work and adapt in a changing and technical industry and work environment. Understanding of developer audiences, blockchain technology and the general state of the crypto industry are big pluses. Ability to think critically about complex problems with an analytical mindset, appropriately weight many factors and reach a definitive conclusion. A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced environment Ability to manage a team of 2 people including a technical community manager and a designer. Prior experience working remotely. Strong personal organizational skills and a love for self-time management. It\u2019s not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of these areas - we\u2019re looking for candidates that are particularly strong in a few areas, and have some interest and capabilities in others. Benefits Paid Time Off Unlimited vacation policy. Medical insurance Top quality insurance options for you and your family. Team Events Company retreats in different locations around the world. So far we have held them in Uruguay, Argentina, Germany and the Caribbean. Social events Team dinners, game night, online games as well as onsite/remote donut meetings. Wellness activities monthly allowance for different wellness activities (for example gym, yoga, etc.) Meals Free lunch. Coworking Unlimited access to a coworking of your choice. Training Technical training, language lessons in any language of your choice. At OpenZeppelin, we are an equal opportunity employer and we value different perspectives. We are committed to building a diverse workforce. This includes but is not limited to gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, national origin and other characteristics that make each one of us unique. In this uniqueness, we find the most value. Come join us!. ",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "Endeavor",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
