{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20.net",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20.net",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Microsoft hiring Internship Opportunities for MBA Students: Sales in New Iberia, Louisiana, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "2FC5EFB889AB1D8B8DE859DB361C3B14",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/internship-opportunities-for-mba-students-sales-at-microsoft-1877445451?refId=38aa909a-7afd-4f07-8e90-336cb53e5449&position=7&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " We live in a mobile-first, cloud-first world, and the transformation we are driving across our businesses enables our customers to thrive in the digital world. Our sales professionals are the essential link between the potential of what's possible and build trusted advisor relationships with customers and technology vendors. Do you want to work on a meaningful and impactful project and make a difference? Are you willing to learn from others and open to new ideas? Do you want to support others to succeed and operate in a highly collaborative and global environment? If this sounds like you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job. Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online! Applications to these opportunities are considered for all available MBA sales intern roles including the ones described below. To be considered for an internship, you need to be enrolled as full-time MBA student. Responsibilities Partner Development Manager As a Partner Development Manager (PDM), you will act as the daily face of our company to our partner channel. The PDM is accountable for driving performance of a managed portfolio of partners, by business priority, with a primary focus on Microsoft cloud services (O365, Azure and Dynamics 365) and complementary products. The goal is to drive partner recruitment, enablement and business growth based on the partners\u2019 strengths and priorities. The PDM represents Microsoft to our partners, communicates our strategy, sells our vision and brings partners along in the digital transformation journey. A PDM typically manages large partners who acquire customers and/or other partners at scale. The role is responsible for the overall partner relationship, strategic business planning and landing execution across all key priorities. You will use your expertise in marketing, sales and technology right away to coordinate the right resources at the right time to drive mutual success for our partner channel and for Microsoft. You will help partners develop, launch, and grow new products/solutions/practices in the market. Qualifications Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Excellent verbal and written communication, analytical and presentation skills. Sales Excellence Manager Sales Excellence lead acts as the integration between World-Wide to enable the Salesforce within the identified operating units. Focus is on streamlining the operations and sales processes, analyzing the performances of the sales team and providing insights and feedback to improve customer engagement and sales impact. The lead seeks input, provides feedback and launches new initiatives as well as evaluates the current business rhythm of reporting. This role manages account alignment, segmentation and territory management throughout the fiscal year as well as during fiscal year transitions. Sales Alignment: Key integration point for Sales leaders and their teams. Identify broken flows /areas of improvements and provide learnings back to the team though Monthly business reviews or other engagements. Partnering with USRI team to ensure communications on performance, opportunities and business rhythms. Drive account management processes to ensure alignment of accounts with sellers in core system to enable both sales outcomes as well as accurate reporting. Drive Sales execution alignment across field entities such as Account Teams, Customer Success Teams and Technology Teams. Bring an innovative and optimistic spirit to the role, as Microsoft continues to uncover new opportunities in this space - you will be at the forefront of making decisions on how to take advantage of those opportunities! Partner Tech Architect As a Partner Technical Architect (PTA) you work with partners to build an ecosystem of solutions. The PTA is a hands-on, highly technical role, accountable for working with Microsoft\u2019s partners to help architect and develop complex end-to-end solutions. In this role, you will own technical engagement; working directly with Microsoft\u2019s partners to envision, architect, and help develop cloud application development solutions. The ideal candidate will have a passion for customer/partner facing roles and have the potential to lead technical and economic value discussions with technical leaders to drive key decisions and implementation. Candidates will have the opportunity to impact and influence partners with a high degree of autonomy and flexibility and drive the development of solutions that create real and measurable business results. Technology Solution Professional As a Technology Solution Professional (TSP), you drive the technical motions within sales driving specific solution area revenue and market share. Based on the tremendous opportunity of digital transformation across every individual and organization, we focus our broad portfolio of assets and go-to-market efforts across four key solution areas: Modern Workplace, Business Applications, Apps & Infrastructure, and Data & AI. Responsibilities As a TSP, you work alongside Business Development and Solutions Architect teams who source, generate and qualify opportunities within the sales lifecycle. TSPs enable, manage, and implement, cutting edge and legacy technologies in large enterprises. Qualifications General Qualifications: Currently pursuing an MBA degree with at least one semester/quarter remaining after internship. Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Excellent verbal and written communication, analytical and presentation skills. Partner Tech Architect Additional experience: Working knowledge of Cloud and Application Development technologies helpful including: Platform as a Service (PaaS), containers, microservices, serverless, blockchain, Kubernetes, and DevOps and other cloud application development related technologies. Experience writing code in one or more languages (Python, R, Node.js, C#, Java, etc.), frameworks (e.g. .Net, Java SDK) and using one or more IDEs (VS Code, Visual Studio, R Studio, PyCharm, Eclipse, etc.) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. ",
    "Location": "New Iberia, Louisiana, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Microsoft",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
