{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20npm",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20npm",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Cloud Infrastructure Developer in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "314680CC32C0AB2F814FDFDB531BFF7A",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cloud-infrastructure-developer-at-ibm-1827934269?refId=839a0b68-47b5-4985-b3a6-f57aa0cc233a&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that literally make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do. Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide. At IBM, you will use latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of. Your Role and Responsibilities At IBM Cloud, we are working on the next generation of cloud computing services built with global scale, security and convenience in mind. Today, IBM Cloud spans the globe and delivers continuous service to customers from 39 data centers and growing. The IBM Cloud Networking team is looking for a talented, innovative and enthusiastic Software Engineering professional to help build the next generation virtualized routing and security services for IBM Cloud. The IBM Cloud Networking team has a global datacenter presence across 19 countries and 6 continents that enable Watson, Blockchain and IOT solutions. The Network Services team is responsible for delivering virtual network services with top-notch performance, first-rate security, fail-safe reliability and exceptional quality. An IBM Cloud Infrastructure Developer will be the key individual responsible for end to end feature enablement across the orchestration layer. You will perform hands-on coding and mentor junior developers, working to increase the knowledge and performance of the collective team. In addition, you will interface with senior architects across several locations to ensure that the overall strategy is communicated and understood. We are a global team, so communication skills (both verbal and written) are critical as well as flexibility to work with team members in other time zones. This role requires the engineer to be located in San Jose, CA cldstrat Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 2 years experience with Cloud based solutions Experience developing, implementing, and operating large-scale IaaS, ultra-highly available and highly secure cloud environments/services Support application deployments, building new systems and upgrading and patching existing ones. Operate the cloud infrastructure and services within our security and privacy guidelines and compliance needs Implement logging, auditability, security, and monitoring features for cloud services and infrastructure assets. Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise Minimum 3-5 years in systems administration/Software Engineering/DevOps, networking in a large environment. Computing: Strong programming experience C, C++, Java, Shell, Perl, GO, or Python Specific Knowledge: Software Engineering (GIT, Jenkins), Networking (Protocols, Load balancing, troubleshooting), deployment & configuration management (Chef, Puppet, SaltStack, Ansible, or NPM), Linux (RHEL,SLES), Containers (Docker, LXC), Monitoring (Kibana, Elastic Search), Cloud systems and Virtualization (CloudStack,OpenStack,AWS,EC2,Xen,KVM, or OpenStack), Database (Oracle,MySQl,MariaDB,Cassandra,S3,HBase,Hadoop,MongoDB, or CouchBase), Security About Business Unit Digitization is accelerating the ongoing evolution of business, and clouds - public, private, and hybrid - enable companies to extend their existing infrastructure and integrate across systems. IBM Cloud provides the security, control, and visibility that our clients have come to expect. We are working to provide the right tools and environment to combine all of our client\u2019s data, no matter where it resides, to respond to changing market dynamics. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world. What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Location": "Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
