{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20off",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20off",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Coinbase hiring Product Manager, Payments in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "31565DE726D3D39C61F10E6D82ACC71F",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-manager-payments-at-coinbase-1761216502?refId=d8d74f69-6089-4072-9320-ebf4eabbae78&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Coinbase's payments team is responsible for building integrations that allow our customers to move fiat money onto and off our platform with the highest levels of speed, reliability, and convenience. We are seeking a hands-on product manager to work in our payments team, spearhead international payment methods and develop a long-term product strategy. Our payment integrations are one of our most important competitive advantages and enable our customers to interact with the emerging crypto-economy in a reliable and trusted way. What You\u2019ll Be Doing (ie. Job Duties) You will define a vision and roadmap to make Coinbase\u2019s payments the most reliable and easiest way to move fiat money into the crypto-economy. You will be responsible for systems that process billions of dollars in deposits and withdrawals of fiat currency. You will lead the development of seamless integration between our transactional payment infrastructure and our payment providers. You will design systems that allow Coinbase to maximize payments success rate across multiple processors. You will design the quality and automation procedures that allows Coinbase to meet high reliability standards for our customers. You will work directly with other product managers, functional leadership across the company, and the engineering team to prioritize, define, and build the most trustworthy suite of payments systems on the planet. You will work with our data, accounting and treasury teams to ensure that we are delivering the tools and visibility required to report our financials accurately Coordinate internal teams and partners for the efficient execution of payment integration projects. Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope with high quality output. Communicate clear timelines and expectations to stakeholders to facilitate cross team planning. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) Extensive experience as a product manager for payment systems plus experience working with partners as well as treasury functions. 5+ years of previous experience in product management of one or more successful products or services. Technical background and ability to evaluate the technological strengths and weakness of third party solutions Strong verbal and written communication skills: great listener with the ability to concisely synthesize complex issues. Ability to translate information effectively across the organization to compliance, legal, engineering Demonstrated excellence in making informed judgements, and setting priorities in ambiguous situations Ability to lead through influence. Exceptional interpersonal communication, relationship management and organizational skills. Ability to manipulate raw data and to apply a data-focused approach to problem solving. Alignment with our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution. An ongoing interest in digital currency or a strong desire to learn. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
