{
    "Body": " Who We Seek Passion Seekers. You genuinely care about the work that you do and its impact on society. Self-Starters. You\u2019re a go-getter who isn\u2019t afraid to step up and disrupt the status quo. Entrepreneurs. You bring fresh ideas to the table, work hard, develop business and consistently seek new challenges. Collaborators. You\u2019re a great contributor to a high performing team that accomplishes great feats for our clients. What You Will Do Act as a trusted technical advisor to customer Information Technology managers. Provide technical leadership on the assigned portfolio of applications. Coordinate various required technical reviews to ensure solutions meet the existing standards. Assist with presentation at the Technical Review Board (TRB) design meeting. Participate in market research, vendor demos and small review groups to assess the impact of technical decisions on customers during the initiation and design phase of the project. Research commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) and government off-the-shelf (GOTS) products for potential use in process automation, workflow management, or process design and implementation. Participate in the requirements gathering sessions to understand business needs and provide inputs to the technical requirements. Review and make recommendations on the proposed solution design. Determine if a COTS solution or custom code is required to meet the requirements and recommend alternative solutions as appropriate. Determine the components of the environments to be used for development and testing of end-user applications. Work with Enterprise Engineering team to have the environment provisioned. Assist in troubleshooting technical issues in the development, test, and stage environments. Collaborate with the Enterprise Engineering team to determine architectural components, including infrastructure, architectural changes, and enforcement strategies and practice. Work with vendors to integrate approved solutions into the existing infrastructure and proactively identify associated potential risks and pitfalls involved, translate technical needs, and remove technical barriers. Review and recommend applications during and after development of the solution and validate that the final solution matches the original approved design and architecture. This is to validate if the implementation matches the design in addition to requirements traceability from the business perspective. Assess and make recommendations to improve the current enterprise architecture that supports business strategies and ensure alignment of business, process, data and technology. Analyze the current processes and identify deficiencies, obstacles, and opportunities for improvement. Required Skills Due to Government Client, must be U.S. Citizen and eligible to obtain a Public Trust Security Clearance Bachelor's Degree At least 8 + years IT experience Desired Skills Experience across many of the following areas (listed in priority); cloud architecture, Agile development, enterprise architecture, application modernization, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence, Watson, data analytics, big data, blockchain At least 4 years of solutions architecture experience At least 4 years of solutions design experience Experience with analysis of alternative solutions and validating application deliverables Experience conducting technology market research, vendor demos, and exploring innovative technologies Experience determining if a COTS solution or custom code is the best alternative Great oral and written communications Government contracting experience Years of Experience: 8+ Minimum Education Required: Bachelor\u2019s Degree Due to federal client requirements, only US Citizens can be considered About Us Attain is a place for great ideas and the people who have them. As a management, technology, and strategy consulting firm, our professionals provide innovative solutions to revolutionize government, education, health, and nonprofit organizations and positively impact those they serve. We are business analysts, technologists, digital strategists, managers of change, and forward thinkers, with the entrepreneurial drive to shape the future. Our team is present in 40 states and the District of Columbia. Visit www.attain.com/careers to explore your path forward with Attain. Attain is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more Information on Equal Employment Opportunity visit EEO and EEO Poster Supplement . ", 
    "CompanyName": "Attain, LLC", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "361150036BA62DE8AE698918C3500854", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, data analytics, information technology, internet of things, agile, big data, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Attain, LLC hiring Solutions Architect in Washington, District of Columbia, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/solutions-architect-at-attain-llc-1892167823?refId=4a94b297-77db-4709-a6ef-814238715654&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
