{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20pgp",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20pgp",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Smartbridge hiring Fall 2019 Graduating Class - Computer Science, Information Systems or related field in Houston, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "38484F56839C4158AD98DCE718141C8B",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/fall-2019-graduating-class-computer-science-information-systems-or-related-field-at-smartbridge-1758043166?refId=184c5bbc-bfda-49a3-bf10-b057d9c98159&position=20&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Fall 2019 College Graduate Consultant - Houston, TX Smartbridge is a 16-year-old IT consulting and business innovation company headquartered in Houston, TX. At Smartbridge, we are focused on simplifying business transformation, applying thought leadership and innovation to create digitally connected enterprises. We are at the heart of shaping and driving technology disruption and partner with our customers to bring their digital agenda to reality. With partners such as Oracle JD Edwards, Workday, Salesforce, UiPath, Snowflake, MicroStrategy, Tableau, Xamarin, and Informatica, to name a few, we are experts in deploying cutting-edge solutions for our clients ranging from mid-market businesses to Fortune 500 companies. Smartbridge\u2019s comprehensive list of technology and software partnerships gives us the freedom to remain an objective collaborator with our customers. The suite of Smartbridge services includes Digital Innovation, Systems Modernization, Applications Integration, Data Management, Business Intelligence & Analytics, Enterprise Mobility, and Blockchain.   We are technology experts, who bring out innovation in our clients, build and deliver high-quality and innovative technology solutions that help them to be successful, and change the way their people and customers experience work, life and entertainment. Your Future Working Environment: At Smartbridge, you\u2019re not just picking one company to work for; you have the opportunity to work with multiple companies on a variety of projects. Depending on your background, interests and Smartbridge business need, you will be aligned to an area within technology that will allow you to enhance your skills and grow your career. You will take on challenges to deliver technology innovation, and design and implement solutions that support our clients\u2019 business and IT imperatives. If you join Smartbridge, you can make great ideas happen for some of the most dynamic companies. With broad global resources and deep technical know-how, we collaborate with clients to cultivate ideas and deliver results. We ideate, conduct hackathons to prove our ideas and develop new skills in our people and bring such ideas to our clients. Choose a career at Smartbridge and enjoy an innovative environment where challenging and interesting work is part of daily life. Next, to our excellent terms of employment and fringe benefits, we invest considerable resources to provide on-going training that builds and extends professional, technical and management skills in all areas. We offer a variety of informal and formal training to help employees acquire and build specialized skills faster. At Smartbridge you will operate in a professional environment where entrepreneurship is hugely encouraged. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career. Visit Smartbridge.com for articles, videos, and podcasts to inspire your journey. What Makes Smartbridge the Best Choice to Start Your Career? All Smartbridge Consultants are encouraged to explore their passion and stay on top of technology. We don't hire for a specific client or a specific project. We hire \"Consultants\" who are\u202fsmart, well-rounded, motivated and strive for success. We hire employees who can figure things out, make adjustments and deliver results.\u202fWorking on multiple projects, new challenges and technologies over time will drive your professional growth and development above and beyond the rest. On top of that, we offer: A seat at the table. At Smartbridge, you won\u2019t just be a number but a name that all levels of the organization, including the CEO, will know. Your ideas will be heard, and your contributions will be seen. A work environment that supports creativity, innovation, and collaboration Opportunity to work on a variety of innovative projects for some of the biggest names in the area Quarterly team events & company-wide hackathons The professional development program that includes tuition assistance & company paid training  Strong mentorship program for ongoing collaborative training \u201cThe Bridge\u201d training program to fast track your acclimation into consulting Attractive compensation plan with industry-leading benefits program Student Loan Repayment Assistance Company-paid medical insurance for employees (no premiums!) 401(k) savings plan with company match to 4% Profit sharing opportunity Annual performance bonus opportunity in addition to base salary Company-paid on-premises fitness center Cell phone reimbursement  Personal Time Off (PTO) + 9 paid holidays + personal day Rewarding employee referral bonus program Company-wide social events & volunteer activities College Graduate Consultant Job Description Your Role: Smartbridge is seeking bright, talented graduates as associate level Technical Consultants to join our Houston team! As a Technical Consultant at Smartbridge, you will work on various consulting projects to help clients implement business strategies by delivering innovative technology, people and process solutions. In this position, you will work on design and implementation of enterprise systems, gain experience while contributing to the project in a multitude of different roles, including creating technical specifications, configuration, programming/application development, testing, and deployment. At a graduate level, our consultants work with others across the business to understand customer needs and develop high-value solutions.  Your Responsibilities: There is never a typical day at Smartbridge, but that\u2019s why people love it here! As a new consultant, you\u2019ll test out new ideas with clients in your own unique way. Your specific responsibilities will vary based on your alignment, but you may find yourself: Brainstorming with clients & team members to design next-generation IT architectures, and driving delivery excellence to meet their ever-changing business needs  Leveraging existing and newly developed programming skills to build portions of client applications  Designing a common set of technology capabilities, across assessment, planning, design, and implementation  Developing system specifications, technical designs and software code Designing and developing test plans, performing unit tests, integration tests and user acceptance tests Creating and maintaining program and technical documentation Managing and documenting system configurations Working closely with end-users, business analysts and other stakeholders to coordinate plans and activities that affect the assigned projects Collaborating with client team members and clients to determine the best solutions Applying critical thinking to analyze and diagnose customer issues Facilitating and engaging in discussions with clients and team members to discuss potential solutions, and implementing solutions that are most appropriate in a timely and quality manner Your Qualifications/Requirements: Strong database fundamentals and 1-2 years of experience using SQL 1-2 years of experience using C# or Java Demonstrate strong analytical skills and develops solutions to problems independently and through facilitated team discussions Learn new concepts and technologies fast and apply in an agile manner Ability to interact and build long-term business relationships with all levels of professionals  Excellent written and verbal communication, as well as time management skills Strong affinity to technology Self-motivated and shows initiative Self-Starter - takes independent action and goes beyond what the job or situation requires Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge/experience with C#, Java, PHP, ASP.NET, JavaScript Any mobile development experience on Android or iOS is a plus Knowledge or exposure to Agile development methodologies Experience in programming/application development with ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) systems Your Profile: Exceptional communication skills: confident and articulate, ability to actively listen and contribute to conversation, provide informed suggestions for solutions. Be a consultant!  Dedicated to ongoing personal and professional development An appetite for learning new technologies Solution-oriented attitude Creative and analytical aptitude Team Player. Enjoys working in a team-work environment, collaborating and exchanging ideas, while also self-motivated.   Must have the ability to multi-task and organize effectively to meet client service level expectations Adept and proactive in problem-solving and conflict resolution Adaptable to multiple client work environments Flexibility to travel to customer locations Education: Bachelor\u2019s degree (Computer Science, Information Systems or related field preferred); knowledge of theories, principles, and concepts typically acquired through completion of a bachelor\u2019s degree.   Show moreShow less "
}