{
    "Body": " The Position Mission Build and maintain Pharma Technical Operations Informatics Manufacturing (PTM IX) business partnership through providing innovative and reliable Information Technology products and services, to enable reliable Drug Substance Manufacturing in meeting business objectives in a lean and compliant manner. SSF Clinical Supply Center Manufacturing The SSF Clinical Supply Manufacturing facility is our new cutting edge Manufacturing capabilities that exploits the benefits of technology advances in the areas of Single-Use Technology and Digital Manufacturing. Manufacturing Site IT Head The Site IT Head drives business opportunities enabled by information technology (IT) and manufacturing operational technology (OT) in Drug Substance (DS). Provides the strategic interface for the purpose of business technology, strategy development, risk management and relationship management for the ultimate benefit of patients. What you\u2019ll be working on Direct Management responsibilities for Site IT, a group of IT Product Managers, Delivery Managers in local Sites. Site level organization structure reporting indirectly to site GM and aligns site goals to the IT network goals. You partner with business stakeholders, co-create technology-enabled business strategies through Collaboration-Pods (or C-Pod) and align with overall Org Unit and Network Level Themes and Epics. Provide strategic direction, prioritization, mobilization of resources aligned to shared business objectives with respective areas. Plays a key role in developing strategy for IT/Automation system integration, system deployment, system lifecycle upgrades, etc. Actively participate in strategy setting meetings in Pharma Technical Operations Informatics (PT IX), Drug Substance Manufacturing Informatics and across informatics partners to ensure Sites are aligned to Technology standards. Manages IT/OT providers and vendor contracts, service agreements, expectations to delivery to the service agreements to ensure business/site needs are met Smell opportunities for efficiencies for Site alignment and execute Multi-year approved roadmaps. Accountable for Site IT initiatives including but limited to Cybersecurity, global IT programs and Site impact assessment. Support Quarterly Business Reviews and be accountable for the IT Portfolio Take leadership role that educates, advises and challenges to enrich business area strategy for the benefit of the whole organization. Negotiate and influence to ensure the right product managers and product owners are assigned to key IT/Site initiatives. Identify business opportunities and work with business and informatics partners to architect, design, prototype and deliver continually improved products. The Ideal Candidate Has business domain knowledge for the following area(s) Biopharmaceutical or similar Manufacturing domain. Knowledge of informational and operational technologies (IT/OT), integration to enterprise systems. Knowledge of Manufacturing Execution System, Manufacturing Automation solutions & Lab systems. Knowledge of New Product Introduction (NPI), supply chain and manufacturing operations in Manufacturing. Keep abreast of key Manufacturing IT trends in driving manufacturing transformation- Industrial IoT, Manufacturing Digital Plant Maturity Model (DPMM), Cybersecurity, Predictive technologies, Plug-and-Produce, Blockchain in Manufacturing, IT & OT convergence, Pharma 4.0, Data Integrity principles, technology and data standardization, etc. Nurtures and develops a business savvy consultative and value-driven partnership. Champions PT Informatics Strategy in implementing global Core Platforms at the Site level (for example MES, LES, LIMS, and other enterprise solutions). Exhibits a high degree of self-awareness, empathy, listening, active curiosity, awareness of different norms and expectations. Well-networked, awareness of Group processes, cross-org perspective, connects the dots, adds the external perspective. Executional accountability that maximizes the value realization. Sees problems from your partner's perspective. Demonstrates executive presence, strong business acumen, navigates ambiguity, manages complexity. Understands market challenges and competitive issues. Exhibits intellectual curiosity and integrity. Exhibits an Agile mindset in the approach to work, i.e.: Enables a diverse group of partners to speak with a single voice Good enough instead of perfection Focus on \u201cReuse before Buy before Make\u201d ---- Local Section ---- The position of Manufacturing Site IT Head in the Drug Substance (DS) Clinical Supply center Manufacturing requires an individual skilled in Business Partner relationship, with management experience with in-depth knowledge of the global IT/OT landscape and the diverse technical and organizational landscape of the South San Francisco manufacturing site.They will develop professional relationships with the Site GM and Site Technology leaders to enable a seamless partnership that enables site operations through IT/OT technology roadmaps. In addition this role provides strategic and tactical IT leadership in transforming Manufacturing Site IT landscape, bringing full Digital Manufacturing Capabilities using IT standard Products (MES, LES, LIMS, ERP) in alignment with the Roche network global standards. Plan and partner and oversee the business relationship between cross-functional Business groups. Educate, sensitize, and manage the expectations of customers to IT realities, challenges, and fundamentals. Champion IT Partnership with other networks in bringing solutions to enhance business performance. Coordinate lifecycle discussions and plan strategic IT/OT Roadmap for the Site including 3-5-7 year lifecycle, multi-year deployment strategy, and influence global IT partners for Infrastructure upgrades, global solutions deployment in achieving Site KPIs. Facilitate the intake of business partner requests for service and solutions, ensuring proper prioritization, routing, tracking, and closure. Review site business plans and strategies, develop site IT plans to align with the business and advise / influence Manufacturing IT roadmaps to enable business efficiencies. Drive standardization of IT solutions across the network in achieving standardization goals, simplified architecture in achieving overall operational cost savings. Drive transformation programs and build strategic partnerships with key industrial operational technologies/automation providers. Requirements Master\u2019s or Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Informatics Engineering or equivalent. 10+ years of experience as an IT Site Head, or other Management experience. 7+ years of experience in working in a global Manufacturing in various modalities. Must have experience in life sciences Manufacturing domain, technology, multiple modalities of Manufacturing including Large scale, Single-Use Technologies, Personalized Health care. 7+ years of experience in using Informational Technologies in solving business challenges across the end-to-end value chain and must have experience in Manufacturing Systems (Pharmaceutical, Biological or High Tech Industrial Manufacturing). 7+ years of experience in implementing information technology (IT) and manufacturing operational technology (OT) integration into CAPEX/OPEX projects. 7+ years of experience in a GMP regulated, Computer Systems Validation(CSV). Proficient knowledge of pharmaceutical technology and processes (manufacturing, Digital Plant, shop floor systems, quality lab systems, data historians or automation systems). Prior experience in working closely with IT/OT providers i.e Siemens, Rockwell, Emerson, GE, OSISoft and other Integration vendors. Availability to travel up to 20-25%. Who We Are A member of the Roche Group, Genentech has been at the forefront of the biotechnology industry for more than 40 years, using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and life-threatening diseases. Genentech has multiple therapies on the market for cancer & other serious illnesses. Please take this opportunity to learn about Genentech where we believe that our employees are our most important asset & are dedicated to remaining a great place to work. The next step is yours. To apply today, click on the \"Apply online\" button. Genentech is an equal opportunity employer & prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, disability, marital & veteran status. For more information about equal employment opportunity, visit our Genentech Careers page . Job Facts JOB FUNCTION General IT COMPANY/DIVISION Pharmaceuticals SCHEDULE Full time JOB TYPE Regular ", 
    "CompanyName": "Genentech", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "46DE3A1F4418584EB9AABD70D38758DF", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, risk management, pharmaceutical, information technology, supply chain, internet of things, product manager, agile, full time, intellectual curiosity, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "South San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://uk.linkedin.com/company/michael-page?trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_subtitle-click", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vp-it-risk-at-michael-page-1826242914?trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20enterprise", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20enterprise", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Genentech hiring Site IT Head, SSF Clinical Supply Center in South San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/site-it-head-ssf-clinical-supply-center-at-genentech-1844245662?refId=28270277-699e-4dd5-8faf-27d5e912713d&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
