{
    "Body": " Exciting opportunity for a Cloud Services, Senior Manager in our Blockchain Engineering team. You will be leading the Blockchain Cloud Services Team developing and delivering the VMware Blockchain Cloud Services. At VMware, we are fundamentally building the Enterprise Blockchain with innovation, enterprise-grade capability, and solutions that will power blockchain in every market sector including financial, retail, and supply chain. The VMware Blockchain solution is deeply engrained with unique technical innovation as well as ensuring it meets enterprise product needs for real world Blockchain applications. VMware\u2019s blockchain platform is a multi-cloud, multi-blockchain hybrid SaaS solution offering both an On-Premise as well as Cloud Blockchain solution. Our team works on cutting edge technology to deliver improved management and security tools for our own blockchain environment as well as others from across the industry. You will work with a team of talented and supportive individuals from across the world as well as members of the academic community and VMware\u2019s Research Group in this role. Our team values diversity, collaboration, and open thought while supporting VMware\u2019s EPIC2 values. Are you ready for your next great challenge with the Blockchain Engineering team in VMware? Responsibilities Drive the direction and execution of Cloud Services team using your experience in both SaaS development and deployment \u2013 as well as On-premise Enterprise software products. Develop and implement the short- and long-term strategies for development and productization of the Blockchain Management Portal throughout the whole development, test, and deployment pipelines. Contribute to building and maintaining a high performing engineering culture that is technical and data driven. Guide decisions regarding building new vs. competing internal implementations vs. buy services. Champion quality as a collaborative effort across the organization by building out a successful community of practice within product development. Lead the day-to-day activities of the Could Services team in an Agile/Scrum environment. Work closely with software development leaders, product managers, business partners, and customer success organization to develop and deploy industry leading applications. Hire, retain and motivate a diverse team of hardworking, critical thinking, and productive people Drive continuous innovation, making decisions based off data, and collaborating with partners, peers and team. Requirements 12+ years of relevant software engineering design and development, preferably with some SaaS and DevOps experience. On-premise enterprise software experience is also ideal. 8+ years senior people management experience leading, recruiting, and retaining premier software engineers who have diverse experience developing SaaS/Systems programming/Java of complex and large-scaled environments. Be the senior technical leader and systems-level voice across the Blockchain and VMware Engineering and Executive teams; acting as a strong partner and influencer to ensure the best technologies and products are developed and taken to market. Excellent understanding of all aspects of software development, quality assurance, and customer advocacy in a large-scale enterprise environment. Experience with tools used to develop, deploy and monitor scalable, fault tolerant Software as a Service. Demonstrate a history of successfully delivering large, complex, and elite enterprise solutions to the customer base. Experience working with Support and escalation organization during critical escalations and feeding back (RCA) learnings to test organizations Experience with leading the everyday activities of a global engineering team using Agile/Scrum processes. High level of energy, ability to lead and gain respect among peers, team and other business partners; be viewed as a trustworthy motivator and leader with vision in the organization. Entrepreneurial, metrics minded, strategic thinker who can move and act at operational and tactical levels when required. Experience delivering complex, enterprise class high volume transactional system with high quality. Experience in enterprise software, including issues with threading, network, data transformations, data integrity, systems management, systems administration, monitoring Possess extraordinary organizational, priority settings, and planning skills, written/verbal presentation, and the ability to present complex information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences in large and small groups. Demonstrate the skills and personality to operate effectively in a fast-paced complex business Strong leadership, adroit influencer, management communication, and presentation skills with experience maintaining relationships with internal business customers at an executive level. Extraordinary engineering vision and customer advocacy orientation; a track record of anticipating technical challenges, understanding and identifying development solutions, with the operational foresight to achieve and launch scalable platforms. Who You Are Self Starter \u2013 Thrive in a fast paced and changing environment. Strong collaboration skills with a \u201cTeam First\u201d mentality. Technical engineering excellence, innovation in everything you do. \u201cGrowth\u201d mindset in tackle problems and creating great solutions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills MS/BS in CS/EE or equivalent This position is eligible for the JoinBlockchain Enhanced ERP Campaign #TeamBlockchain Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Product Dev Management Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2020-06-24 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what\u2019s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. Job ID: R2008530Show moreShow less ", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "477DBB7017FC20BA8892ED47B9A06059", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20multi", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20multi", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "HiredAllied.com hiring Cloud Service, Senior Manager \u2013 Blockchain Engineering in Palo Alto, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cloud-service-senior-manager-%E2%80%93-blockchain-engineering-at-hiredallied-com-1930432138?refId=bd3e19aa-211f-472d-9b99-d323fe4795f1&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
