{
    "Body": " CLOUD SOLUTIONS ENGINEER Must have active \"Secret\" security clearance. Alta Via Consulting is a rapidly growing consulting firm that thrives in helping clients bridge business modelling and information technology into effective decision support tools. With offices in the US, Europe and Africa, our company slogan ldquoA Better Use of Informationrdquo remains at the forefront of Alta Via Consultingrsquos strategy. We have provided solutions globally to companies like Hersheyrsquos, Union Pacific, TTX, Sam Adamrsquos, McCormick Spices, Coca Cola Bottling, the IRS and US ARMY. Benefits With unlimited Paid Time Off, our employees enjoy a healthy work life balance. Additionally, Alta Via offers a robust benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k) plans and Tuition Reimbursement upon tenure. Position Description Create the enterprise technical cloud systems engineering designs for moving Systems (ERP's and Non-ERP's) into Cloud. Review, monitor and report on the planned technical systems engineering cloud designs to ensure they meet the needs of the functional community at every acquisition life cycle stage. Create the technical cloud systems engineering designs of consolidating and harmonizing the data from the systems in the cloud for analytics and other enterprise services. Ensure that the selected AIML tools support multiple coding languages like Python, R etc. and multiple frameworks like TensorFlow, MxNet etc. Design AI (Machine and Deep Learning), IoT, Blockchain and data science convergence strategies at the enterprise level on cloud infrastructures to enable actionable insights for decision makers in real-time. Create the technical systems engineering designs for an integrated Lab environment in the Cloud. Lead the technical modernization of systems infrastructure by integrating with cloud native modern ERP tools. Develop standards and best practices for estimating cloud demand and capacity planning. Develop best practices for DevOps for application orchestration, automation and business value creation. Develop standards and best practices in DevSecOps for cybersecurity and data protection purposes. Design hybrid multi-cloud infrastructure strategy for the portfolio of systems. Position Requirements Experience with architecting cloud solutions at an enterprise level. Experience with migrating On-Premise systems into AWS or Azure. Knowledge of Virtual Network Boundaries and cloud security architecture. Cloud Solutions Architect certification in AWS or Azure. Knowledge of available cloud native tools in AWS Azure and the ability to know which tools would be best fit based on the business requirement. Experience with standing up lab environment in the cloud to include ERP as well as Non-ERP tools. Knowledge of Gov Cloud common services architecture and integration points. Knowledge of cloud hosting cost structure and how the different solutioning options would impact the bill to the customer. Knowledge of the steps that need to be followed to successfully migrate systems into the cloud. Active Secret Clearance. Local or willing to be local to DC metro area. Desired Experience with SAP systems. Experience with creating presentations for executive leadership. Experience with in-direct management of resources to get updates and track project progress. Experience with creating documentation for best practices that need to be followed as the systems are migrated to cloud. Alta Via Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer and VEVRAA Federal Contractor. This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their age, race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, ancestry, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Alta Via welcomes minority and veteran applicants. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Alta Via Consulting, LLC", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "47B8859DCC6FE7079AE23321211F7CAF", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, genetic, python, information technology, data science, internet of things, frameworks, devops, aws, artificial intelligence, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Arlington, Virginia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20cloud", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20cloud", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Alta Via Consulting, LLC hiring Cloud Engineer in Arlington, Virginia, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cloud-engineer-at-alta-via-consulting-llc-1911372114?refId=602a29e1-c27e-42fe-b223-887f69bdb2db&position=7&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
