{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "PNC hiring Sr. Innovation DevOps Engineer in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "499A4E2B383A08BF421AEB933F600749",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-innovation-devops-engineer-at-pnc-1943701282?refId=0cdfa11b-3b5c-4ce2-82b4-23c53b13b5dc&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Position Overview Do you have a vision for how financial services can improve people's everyday lives? Are you skilled at making what could be a reality, instead of iterating what has been? Are you entrepreneurial, with an action-disposition? As a member of the Enterprise Innovation team you will develop edge technologies through pattern-matching to craft and test compelling, usable and productive solutions for our users. Blockchain, artificial intelligence and machine learning, microservices architectures and IoT are within our solution set, as well as agile development, product management, design thinking and human-centered design approaches. You will help us move from DevOps to \u201cNoOps\u201d, thrive inside a dynamic work environment that empowers your ability to explore emerging technologies, changing the way financial industries do business and driving the education of this ever-changing market. Primary Job Responsibilities Support the multi-disciplinary, Technology Innovation development teams as they explore new technologies and business opportunities for the Bank Implement and provide solutions that advance the DevOps discipline, encouraging the day-to-day adoption of automation and self-healing concepts. Manage, update and expand the existing, Innovation Team development environments Adopt, implement, adapt and advance the Bank's DevOps toolsets, methodologies and pipelines Identify and liaise with DevOps and Cloud vendor communities Successful Candidates Will Demonstrate The Following Skills Must have hands-on experience in building and deploying DevOps pipelines Must have hands-on experience in building Kubernetes cluster Strong experience with Continuous Development/Integration/Continuous Delivery, preferably Skaffold, Helm, OpenShift Pipeline Strong experience with Test Automation framework such as Zalenium, SauceLabs, and Perfecto Strong experience in source Control Management Systems (major GIT variations) Experience in writing web applications and APIs Experience in serverless technology and framework is a plus Experience in building and managing smart alerting systems is a plus Experience with self-healing infrastructure is a big plus Experience in Ticket/Defect tracking Systems (JIRA, Rally, or similar tools) Experience in Scripting languages (bash, shell, ansible, chef, puppet, or similar) Flexibility to understand the infrastructure, environmental, and development needs of varying and changing innovation projects across multiple financial services industries, with the creativity to identify and implement infrastructure and development solutions Familiarity with Cloud tenant administration (Resource Groups, lifecycle management, tagging, automation) Familiarity with Office 365 tenant administration (users, groups, licensing) is a plus Familiarity with Python, Java, Ruby, or similar Familiarity with Communication Tools (Slack, Hipchat, Confluence, Teams, or similar) Familiarity with Jenkins, uDeploy, Bamboo, or similar tools Familiarity with Automated Testing/Quality (SonarQube, Cucumber, jUnit, and similar tools) Job Description Leads in the development of the most complex new and emerging technologies and selects appropriate platforms, integrates and configures solutions. Leverages technical knowledge and industry experience to design, build and maintain technology solutions. Develops software components and hardware for new and emerging technology projects; aligns these with business strategies and objectives. Consults junior staff regarding complex issues and best practices. Provides a systematic analysis on the most complex client requirements within the traceability framework and resolves any functional problems encountered. Oversees the quality of complex project deliverables while ensuring that they are in compliance with relevant standards and processes. PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. Competencies Application Delivery Process \u2013 Knowledge of major tasks, deliverables, and formal application delivery methodologies; ability to utilize these in order to deliver new or enhanced applications. Consulting \u2013 Knowledge of techniques, roles, and responsibilities in providing technical or business guidance to clients, both internal and external; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. Effectiveness Measurement \u2013 Ability to measure the quality and quantity of work effort for the purpose of improvement. Emerging Technologies \u2013 Knowledge of and ability to design, apply and evaluate new information technologies for business environments in order to improve work productivity and accuracy. Industry Knowledge \u2013 Knowledge of the organization's industry group, trends, directions, major issues, regulatory considerations, and trendsetters; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. IT Industry: Trends & Directions \u2013 Knowledge of and ability to analyze marketplace experiences, developments and trends related to the function of Information Technology (IT). IT Standards, Procedures & Policies \u2013 Knowledge of and the ability to utilize a variety of administrative skill sets and technical knowledge to manage organizational IT policies, standards, and procedures. Planning: Tactical, Strategic \u2013 Ability to contribute to operational (short term), tactical (1-2 years) and strategic (3-5 years) planning in support of the overall business plan. Problem Solving \u2013 Knowledge of approaches, tools, techniques for recognizing, anticipating, and resolving organizational, operational or process problems; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. Work Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 5+ years of industry-relevant experience. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. Education Bachelors Disability Accommodations Statement The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com. The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law. California Residents Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.Show moreShow less ",
    "Location": "Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States",
    "CompanyName": "PNC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
