{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20matlab",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20matlab",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems hiring X-Lab Systems Engineer / Analyst Lead in Peyton, Colorado, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "58C4FA6B3038A6DC3A72695816620F4B",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/x-lab-systems-engineer-analyst-lead-at-general-dynamics-advanced-information-systems-1901317572?refId=f350b6f1-44ad-4912-be01-292f856373f8&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Bachelor\u2019s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience. Agile experience preferred. Clearance Requirements Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. Join us for the bi-monthly General Dynamics Mission Systems - Early Career Opportunity Chat Series (CO Springs). Click here to register for one of these events. Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you\u2019ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind. We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers\u2019 missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between. As a X-Lab Systems Engineer/Analyst Lead, you\u2019ll lead model and simulation activities as you participate in requirements analysis and management, functional analysis, performance analysis, system design, trade studies, systems integration and test (verification). It\u2019s your chance to step up to the challenge and prove you\u2019re ready to lead the world. Skills The X-Lab has a need to augment the team with a senior systems engineer and analysis lead that holds at least a Secret clearance with a TS/SCI being preferable and possesses demonstrable skills in the following areas The Command and Control, Battle Management, and Communications Experimentation Laboratory (C2BMC X-Lab) is a very fast paced and dynamic environment. The X-Lab is responsible for developing and integrating future-capability prototypes for the Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) including Sensor/Weapon Integration, Algorithm Development, User Interface Development and other critical leading-edge missile defense technologies. Analysis tool development using MATLAB, Excel, S-Code, Satellite Toolkit (STK), etc. Perform verification and validation of systems (functional and performance) Full cycle systems engineering of new capabilities System and subsystem decomposition Use case, system requirements, performance specification development, and UML modeling System interface design & Interface Control Document development Conducting and participating in peer reviews Good communication skills (written and oral) Leadership of a team composed of multiple disciplines This position will focus on and lead the analysis of R&D systems in C2BMC and will contribute to other ongoing X-Lab projects as needed. Including the assessment on how the C2BMC prototype system performs by identifying high level objectives and refining into an integrated set of metrics, analysis tool development, assessment of experimental data, generating and presenting customer-quality products containing analytical observations. The Lead Analyst will apply these results to identify and work to enhance C2BMC for future operations. The Lead Analyst must possess expertise in a technical discipline related to systems engineering, analysis, or missile defense. The Lead Analyst should be comfortable with rapidly changing requirements, design challenges that require novel solutions, fast-paced activities, and tight deadlines. The Lead Analyst must have [12+] years of experience leading or contributing to an integrated team environment with other systems, software, and specialty engineers to develop solutions that includes a background in all aspects of the analysis life cycle. The Lead Analyst should have experience with identification of analysis objectives, metric generation, data assessment, and presentation of the results. The Lead Analyst should have demonstrated the ability to analyze high level customer needs and defined a structured and logical approach to refine the objectives and analysis requirements. The Lead Analyst should have demonstrated the ability to communicate effectively, developed and scripted analysis tools, clearly present technical approaches and findings, and have experience in writing and implementing analysis plans within a project. Ideally, the Lead Analyst will have experience in working on IRAD-type projects. Position Responsibilities Perform as individual contributor and Analyst Lead for advanced concepts development projects. This includes directing the activities of junior level engineers. Contribute in full lifecycle development of advanced concepts. Position is responsible for performing the evaluation of advanced missile defense command and control capabilities to provide highly innovative and ingenious solutions to complex technical problems. Including defining and coordinating analysis objectives and metrics for various experimental prototypes, performing the associated analysis, and serve as the X-Lab spokesperson on advanced projects when briefing results to the customer. Actions are critical to achieving X-Lab organizational objectives and directly affect the impact of X-Lab technological capability. Assignments are often self-initiated with consultation and agreement of X-Lab leadership. The Lead Analyst will provide oversight of maintenance and improvements to the analysis tool suite. Support advanced concept demonstrations during live and simulated MDA test events. Non-standard work hours are highly likely during event execution and a small amount of travel may be required. Preferred Qualifications The primary work location is the Missile Defense Integration and Operations Center (MDIOC) located on Schriever AFB, CO. The following knowledge base and/or skills are desired for the Senior Systems Engineer: Integration practices and methods Test driven development and continuous integration Ability to extract data to support analysis Operating systems experience with Windows & Unix/Linux Algorithm design and implementation DoD Architecture Framework (DoDAF) Physics & mechanics of powered and ballistic missile flight Theory and application of the BMDS Theory and application of command and control systems Theory and application of track correlation algorithms Probability theory and optimal state estimation Familiarity with Link-16, including content, transmission rules, etc Coding skills a plus (Java, C++, and shell scripts) Excellent communication skills (written and oral) General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/VeteranShow moreShow less ",
    "Location": "Peyton, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
