{
    "Body": " R3 is an enterprise software firm working with a network of over 300 financial institutions, regulators, trade associations, professional services firms and technology companies to develop on Corda, its blockchain platform designed specifically for businesses. R3\u2019s global team of over 300 professionals in 14 countries is supported by over 2,000 technology, financial, and legal experts drawn from its global member base. R3 is backed by investment of over USD 120 million from more than 45 firms. Corda is the outcome of over two years of intense research and development by R3 and its members and meets the highest standards of the financial services industry yet is applicable to any commercial scenario. It records, manages and executes institutions\u2019 financial agreements in perfect synchrony with their peers, creating a world of frictionless commerce. Head of Regional Marketing - Americas will collaborate closely with North and Latin America sales, Industry Business Unit and Strategic Alliance leadership teams to understand specific market priorities and target accounts and translate those into results-oriented field marketing programs that generate demand for our software and services. This role will be responsible for driving regional demand generation plans using a variety of digital-first programs across the marketing mix, including email campaigns, paid social, digital advertising (inc. programmatic), paid search, webinars, hosted events, third party sponsorships, partner events, speaking engagements, ABM (account-based marketing), and more. This role also requires tracking, measuring and communicating program results, and generating new global best practices and processes that can be shared with other team members. The successful candidate will collaborate with regional marketing peers in APAC and EMEA to ensure alignment with other regional marketing programs and will partner cross-functionally with the rest of the R3 marketing team in corporate, product and developer marketing to develop fully integrated, multi-channel campaigns. He or she will require a strong grasp of current marketing tools in the Martech stack, stay abreast of new tools, and develop strategies to be able to lead integrated market campaigns from concept to execution, as well as ongoing assessment of campaign impact. Field Marketing Responsibilities Include Owning, developing, executing and measuring strategic field marketing plans targeting ISVs, Corporates, Exchanges and Strategic Alliances across multiple verticals to drive demand and aggressively build the Americas pipeline for our offerings. Working with the field /market-facing teams in North and Latin America to understand customer pain points and needs and align multi-channel marketing programs to meet them. Building and maintaining relationships with Sales, Strategic Alliance and IBU teams to ensure alignment with territory plans, an understanding of market segments and key accounts, campaign buy-in, target personas, Salesforce tracking, and follow up of qualified leads by Inside Sales. Planning, managing and measuring online and offline events including webinars and other hosted events in the Americas region to create net-new sales leads, accelerate existing opportunities and deepen existing customer relationships. Capturing and integrating many diverse sources of marketing data and measuring the customer journey from end-to-end (knowledge of multi-attribution modelling a big plus). Developing post-campaign briefs and encourage follow-up of campaigns by sales; train and encourage use of Salesforce for tracking campaign leads as they move through the marketing funnel. Measuring and reporting performance of all marketing campaigns and assessing against goals (ROI and KPIs). Leveraging your experience and knowledge to work with key stakeholders to continuously improve campaign messaging, institute feedback loops and performance. Maintain event and campaign documents including plans, calendars and budgets. Skills And Experience Minimum of 12 years\u2019 field/regional marketing experience across the Americas, ideally in the B2B technology space Strong track record of B2B multi-channel field marketing and demand generation programs. Hands-on experience and proficiency with marketing automation platforms (Pardot ideally), prospecting databases such as Zoominfo, and solid knowledge of analytics tools (Google Analytics, WebTrends, etc.), Salesforce and Social media management/listening platforms (Sprout Social) Identify trends, insights and tools needed to optimize spend and performance Solid knowledge of SEO and PPC a big plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills (writing is a big part of this job) MS Office (Excel, Word, PPT) Experience in optimizing landing page and user funnels Budget management Strong project management skills and proven ability to manage numerous diverse projects. Demonstrate willingness to \u2018roll up their sleeves\u2019 to get things done. A collaborative and flexible personality who adapts easily to change and is comfortable working in a fast-paced, start-up like environment. Strong interpersonal skills. Fluency in Spanish or Portuguese is a plus. Bachelor\u2019s degree required.At R3, we prioritise encouraging a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you don\u2019t meet all of the above criteria, but you think you\u2019d be a great addition to R3, send us your CV. We\u2019re always interested in meeting collaborative people who are excited to work with us. Benefits Vibrant, centrally located offices (with snacks provided) Private Medical & Dental Retirement scheme & life insurance Enhanced parental leave & family friendly policies Competitive vacation allowance Working from home & flexible working (as needed and agreed) A competitive salary that reflects your experience and merit Discretionary Equity Based Incentive Plan Discretionary bonus (or commission based incentive plan) Employee Referral Program Our Values Our values are our DNA. They define what we stand for and guide how we work together internally and with our customers, partners, and shareholders. Customers First The success of our customers is paramount. We build strong relationships and strive to create the best possible experience for them. Collaborative We bring together all parts of the ecosystem and give our customers the tools and environment to work together to change their industries. Bold We have the agility of a small company, but the confidence and ambition of the industry-defining titan we aspire to become. Ownership We demand excellence and take pride in our products and service ", 
    "CompanyName": "R3", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "59929A3C2DE56D4992EC18B4334CAF07", 
    "KeyTerms": "enterprise software, corda, financial, exchanges, advertising", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20corda", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20corda", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "R3 hiring Head of Regional Marketing - Americas in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-regional-marketing-americas-at-r3-1692686387?refId=023bab06-2972-4ef0-ab47-cac43fb33cae&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
