{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20application",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "CSAA Insurance Group, a AAA Insurer hiring Emerging Technology Specialist - Blockchain in Walnut Creek, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "5E75E12163121DD3009F6301FDA3E8BC",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/emerging-technology-specialist-blockchain-at-csaa-insurance-group-a-aaa-insurer-1828579365?refId=cbd90bd3-a435-4fb2-b3c2-821450c1f0f1&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "Romanian",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Posted by: Jody Arbanas Jody Arbanas The Strategy & Innovation (SI) Division is a newly formed function at CSAA Insurance Group (CSAA IG) with the mission to \u2018innovate our future\u2019 by building new products, services, and ventures that deliver extraordinary value to current and future AAA members. We are aiming high with an audacious goal to create net new businesses and significantly grow our revenue in the next decade. Toward this end, we are launching different pilots that provide innovative solutions from both inside and outside of the insurance sector. The result will be new sources of value and relevance to AAA members and club partners, an expansion and diversification of our business, an associated expansion of our member base, and an advantage in the markets we serve. Position As a technology leader in the Innovation Labs team, you will focus on opportunities opened up by decentralized application architectures and other emerging technology platforms. You will leverage your expertise in blockchain platforms such as Ethereum or Quorum to recommend, design and develop various solutions for the insurance business reliant on smart contracts and distributed general ledger approaches. You are passionate about new technologies, excited to prototype and test them to determine top use cases and ultimately eager to help bring the most promising solutions to market. You will work closely with all functions within the S&I Division to support and lead a number of strategic efforts across the company. You will engage as a technical innovation advocate leveraging external collaborations with startups, industry consortiums and academia. You are a problem solver and you can simplify complex assumptions based on research, data, and industry trends. You are comfortable with architecting and modeling complex systems. You will inform and influence strategic business decisions. You will collaborate on design and development of customer and data interfaces/APIs per business needs. Business Responsibilities Embrace key megatrends, disruptive technologies, and business models for deep understanding of opportunity and impact on our business Constantly seek industry best practices for advocating the improvement of team processes Draft executive reports and technical whitepapers per business needs Help identify and prioritize strategic capability gaps we need to address for success Help develop and build a team capable of implementing blockchain solutions Innovation Project Responsibilities Research and test relevant application of blockchain and other emerging technologies to support our innovation and business strategies Provide recommendations for proof-of-concepts to move the company forward Develop blockchain-based solutions with our Advanced Technology team to innovate the Insurance industry Technical Responsibilities Collaborate across the company to determine valuable use cases for emerging technology applications and develop prototypes and proof-of-concepts in alignment with business objectives Actively explore emerging platforms and business applications Impact You will have a significant impact on company strategy and our ability to grow and thrive over the next 10 years. You will be accountable for critical strategic insights and positive investment returns over time. You are driven to positively impact the direction of our company and contribute to new partnerships and revenue sources. Required Experience Creative problem solver with a strong technical development background Expert in blockchain platforms and technologies 5+ years of experience analyzing and building blockchain-based solutions Proven oral and written communication skills, including the ability to give formal presentations Organizational skill to prioritize tasks and ability to work in a fast-paced environment BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience Preferred Experience with python, javascript, smart contracts Experience in prototyping, building proof-of-concept full-stack applications CSAA Insurance Group Offers Many Benefits, Including Medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance coverage including benefits coverage for domestic partners. Company contributions into a Health Savings Account (HSA). 401(k) plus company matching dollar for dollar up to 6% and a cash balance retirement program. Company paid employee assistance plan and health support programs. Award-winning wellness programs including free onsite fitness classes. Paid bonding leave for birthing and non-birthing parent and paid adoption leave. Two weeks paid military leave. Paid time off, plus ten paid holidays and 24 hours of paid time off to volunteer. Tuition reimbursement, self-service training, career development and mentorship opportunities. Be part of a community that works At CSAA Insurance Group, we take pride in our values-based culture. Helping our employees lead enriched lives and satisfying careers is how we work. Our employees appreciate the integrity and inclusion that is evident throughout our everyday interactions. We respect the diverse range of perspectives, backgrounds and cultures of our teams, and join together when it comes to helping our members, community or one another. Headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, our community also works in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Jersey and Oklahoma. Learn more about us at CSAA-Insurance.aaa.com/careers Let\u2019s work together Please submit your application to be considered. We communicate via email, so please check your inbox to ensure you don\u2019t miss important updates from us. Questions? Please email us at TalentAcquisition@csaa.com We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. #HP "
}