{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20fintech",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20fintech",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Celsius Network hiring VP of People in Atlanta Metropolitan Area | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "5FBD7345E47A07D2BB55FDDCF4367356",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vp-of-people-at-celsius-network-1882505344?refId=05b9ffe5-a5f9-4005-8751-0d1adb6cf565&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Posted by: Ashley Harrell Ashley Harrell VP Finance & Operations at Celsius Network. + a classically-trained soprano and aspiring brewery owner in Benicia, CA. Celsius is looking for a well-rounded HR pro to steward an inspiring, impactful, high-performing, and mindful work experience for our team. As VP of People, you\u2019ll build out all areas of Celsius\u2019 People Team: People Operations, Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, and Workplace.  The ideal candidate has a track record of turning a small startup of <25 into a vibrant and distributed dynamic workplace for 50-150+ employees. They understand the importance of culture, communication, constructive growth in the workplace and are nimble problem-solvers. They understand how people work, think and communicate differently, and are able to nurture the talent in our organization to be ever-growing with a positive and educational approach.   Responsibilities: Join the Senior Operating Team at Celsius: Contribute to high-impact company decisions and help shape the way those decisions are communicated to the organization. Lead People Operations: Oversee employee infrastructure, employee relations, benefits & compliance. Ensure Celsius is a model progressive workplace, implementing nimble policies that align with our values and keep our team working together safely and effectively. Build Culture: Develop ways to put into practice the culture, mission, and values of Celsius. Lead Talent Development: Help employees access opportunities to learn, grow, and be recognized for their work. Lead Talent Acquisition: Strategize compelling ways to share, clarify, and build affinity for our value proposition in a competitive talent market. Lead the Workplace team ( IT, events, reception, and facilities): Resource the folks who keep HQ lively, functional, secure, and inclusive to remote colleagues. Strategize a path forward for hiring, resourcing, and bringing visibility to the contributions of remote employees as Celsius expands into new geographic territories. Help to make Celsius more radically inclusive and celebratory of difference. Serve as an employee advocate, mediator, mentor, and coach. Requirements: You have created a People Team before and are comfortable doing so for a company of our size. This is a first for us, so we need your expertise to create this department from you to a whole team A track record of strategic HR leadership success; your 8+ years of experience spans both private and public companies, growth organizations, and companies with global workforces As a communicator, you are inspiring, clear, and true to your word. You are comfortable presenting at company-wide meetings. You know how to foster a culture of high performance and have experience tying individual/team performance to business results. You are a proven leader for diversity, equity, and inclusion. You understand communication systems, having created the right lanes for information to be shared, feedback to be given, and decisions to be challenged. You have experience developing frameworks around compensation. Bonus points if you\u2019ve also worked with incentive structures that are not revenue-focused. You are an experienced manager, capable of mentoring newer or first-time managers. You have built systems that effectively support remote employees. You are open to taking risks, trying new methods, and experimenting to remain nimble in your approach to strategic leadership. Bachelor's degree, similar field of study, or equivalent practical experience. Knowledge of crypto, blockchain, and fintech is a plus! Benefits: Competitive salary, commensurate with experience Unlimited time off policy Heath, dental and vision insurance, paid 80% by the company 401k retirement plan with safe harbor match  Additional compensation in the form of the CEL token Participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan Weekly lunch with the team, snacks, and coffee Ability to work from home Flexible schedule Celsius is currently operating fully remotely while navigating COVID-19 guidelines, however, Celsius has offices in Hoboken, New York City, London, and Tel Aviv and employs remote employees based in cities all around the world. This position is open to all qualified applicants, but preference will be given to a person in the greater Atlanta, GA area, as we intend to open an office there in late 2020 or early 2021. For fastest response, please send CVs and cover letters to hr@celsius.network. About Celsius: Celsius addresses the financial needs of today\u2019s consumers worldwide through a democratized interest income and lending platform accessible via a mobile app. With a mission to put unparalleled economic freedom in the hands of the people and a core belief that financial services should only do what is in the best interests of the community, Celsius is a modern platform where membership provides access to curated financial services that are not available through traditional financial institutions. Crypto holders can earn high-yield compounding interest by transferring coins to their Celsius Wallet and can borrow fiat currency against their crypto collateral at the lowest interest rates in the space.  The Celsius team is committed to doing good and doing well. We believe in the power of disruption and the importance of decentralization to create a new system that acts in the best interest of everyone. Each member of our team brings something unique and innovative to the table, but the common thread that links us together is our passion for blockchain, equality, and leading the next financial revolution that changes the equation to bring power back to the people. "
}