{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20proof",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Siemens hiring Tax Transformation and Technology Analyst in Iselin, New Jersey, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "604751749A795C4295189F5F71BF6AB4",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Position Overview The Siemens Tax Tech Lab (TTL) is a digital innovation hub utilizing the latest technologies to build the tax function of the future. Our mission is to elevate our overall technology capability within the tax organization while providing new and innovative solutions to alleviate previously manual processes. We\u2019re seeking creative and curious individuals with a wide breadth of technological skills to accomplish this mission. These enthusiastic and outgoing individuals must be able to work and communicate effectively across tax, IT, and analytics landscapes in order to deliver innovative solutions with maximum speed and value. Enabling agility and adaptability are key concerns as our regulatory environment is in a constant state of change. Responsibilities Work closely with individuals across the tax function to understand their needs and help develop technological solutions to meet identified areas of concern while learning their processes. Drive creation of custom tax technology applications, including robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud solutions, data analytics, and process mining. Foster a diverse network across various Siemens organizations to create cross collaborative temporary teams that can easily develop solutions and remove traditional roadblocks. Manage the ideation pipeline and bring ideas to life through successfully building proof of concepts and overseeing their lifecycle from execution, implementation, and maintenance. Enable individuals throughout the tax function with the skills they need for success in the future of tax, specifically with a focus towards self-service development tools and analytics techniques. Manage strategic partnerships with external firms and organizations for knowledge sharing, cross company collaborations, and solution viability in the open market. Ensuring success through change management techniques, making sure developed solutions meet or exceed stakeholder requirements and that value is clearly communicated. Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, And Experience BS/BA in related discipline required, advanced degree a plus. 3 plus years relevant business experience in finance, technology, or project management. Basic knowledge of tax/customs functions to better coordinate with stakeholders. Experience with data analytics tools, methodologies, and techniques. Demonstrated success leading, developing, and implementing technological solutions. Excellent presentation skills and communication skills both written and verbal. Proven ability to communicate complex requirements to diverse stakeholders at multiple levels. Ability to show initiative, good judgment, and resourcefulness. Must value operating in a collaborative environment across many organizations. Problem-solving mindset and ability to prioritize and meet deadlines. Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, And Experience Familiarity with low code dashboarding, workflows, or application development. Experience interacting with stakeholders using virtual methods. Understanding of cloud frameworks and solutions where applicable. Acquainted with Siemens organizational landscape and internal technologies. Working knowledge of robotics process automation and solutions where applicable. Bilingual in either English/Spanish or English/German Organization: Controlling and Finance Company: Siemens Corporation Experience Level: Early Professional Job Type: Full-time Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here . Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here . California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here . Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. Show moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/tax-transformation-and-technology-analyst-at-siemens-1969388892?refId=e960dd56-0b5d-4070-b9fc-abaeb70cc15a&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Iselin, New Jersey, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Siemens",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
