{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Digital Designer in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "64111DB6AF2F8B8BB5127A0BFA3478E1",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction Thomas J. Watson said it best: \u201cGood design is good business.\u201d Visualization is critical to discovering data-driven insights and effectively communicating that knowledge to others. Designers at IBM work to create experiences that work together, work the same, and work for our clients. Does the thought of creating the platform at the heart of solutions like Watson, Blockchain, IoT, and Security excite you? If so, read on! Your Role and Responsibilities The mission of the Brand Experience Design organization is to create a quality, differentiated, end-to-end experience for IBM Research. Within the organization, the Brand Identity and Content group is responsible for creating a unified narrative, content and expression of the IBM Research. The goal of the group is to define and communicate, through the most sophisticated experiences, the vision and work of IBM Research. At the same time, through the design direction that the group sets, every experience and encounter, internally and externally, will be impacted by the verbal and visual communication support we give the organization. Our work crosses nearly every category of output: research and strategy, communications, content development, symbology and systems, web and digital experiences, tools and training. The work locations are Cambridge, MA or New York City, NY, or Yorktown Heights, NY. Role We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Digital Designer who is passionate about ideas, branded experiences, and sophisticated design. As part of the IBM Research design team, the Digital Designer will play a critical role in shaping the key IBM Research web experiences and interactions. The professional must have a strong attention towards strategic, simple, smart design, and a keen eye for a modernist approach to typography, information design and motion graphics. The right candidate should have experience working across digital media\u2014web, environmental, social, product, and animation, as well as conceptual skills with identity design, iconography, and brand systems. They will be primarily responsible for designing much of IBM Research\u2019s digital experiences and website while applying creative thinking as they work closely with writers, editors, developers, and individual research teams. The work will include creating dynamic media, wireframes, layouts, prototypes, infographics, and web/app final designs while also providing photo, video, and illustration direction based on project needs. This individual will interact with other IBM business units and suppliers as they support the output of our team and the vision of the Creative Director. Responsibilities Design digital content, pages and experiences. Design and develop social content in conjunction with the Marketing and Communications team. Create motion studies and animations for prototyping and production. Adopt IBM design systems and standards, scaling them across IBM and IBM Research. Lead/Co-Lead projects from conception, design, to execution and advocacy. Bring abstract concepts to life though typography, illustration, iconography and photography. Effectively communicate conceptual ideas and detailed design rationale both verbally and visually. Design and maintain style guides, toolkits and other design documents. Speak and present to stakeholders and agency partners on design strategy. Work with senior team members to establish priority, fidelity and delivery of tasks. Help advance design at IBM. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Distinguishing good design from bad, and great design from good. Designing dynamic experiences across digital media. Utilizing your knowledge of grids, typography, graphic design, color, layout, iconography, imagery, and design patterns and systems to address ambiguous, complex problems and projects. Actively seeking feedback and review of work; accept and act upon creative/technical direction. Working in a fast-paced environment, inspiring and motivating their team. Overseeing documentation details while ensuring quality control. Readdressing change with flexibility and ease. Collaborating well with others (e.g., stakeholders, technical teams). 2+ years digital design experience Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise Applications: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Creative Suite (Highly proficient), MS Office (.PPT), Github, etc. Animation and motion design Web standards and processes Web languages and frameworks skills a plus About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. Show moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/digital-designer-at-ibm-1952552218?refId=a120cc2d-6875-45df-8044-88f4094bf3d6&position=17&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
