{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20python",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20python",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Hyland hiring Blockchain Software Architect in Westlake, Ohio, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "6C503B715309A968CBDFAF49FC781850",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-software-architect-at-hyland-1858969181?refId=d6cfd1f9-8521-47c0-a8ff-251cb026c082&position=20&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "Norwegian",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Posted by: Jay Jakovina Jay Jakovina Recruiter II at Hyland Summary: Note this position is a remote position, as the Hyland Credentials team is a fully remote team. The Hyland Credentials team is the force behind Blockcerts open standard with MIT Media Lab, is the world leader in blockchain credentialing and blockchain-based digital identity. As the only blockchain-based records provider in the world with an in-market product for multi-chain issuing and self-sovereign digital identity, our offering is revolutionizing the way business in all sectors issue and verify claims and the way individuals understand and use their digital identities. ?? Our Enterprise SaaS product and Federated Issuing System, allows governments, companies, and educational institutions to issue blockchain records at scale to any blockchain they choose. Overview of Blockchain Software Architect We are looking for someone committed to applying technology to solve business needs. The right person will have strong problem-solving skills as well as a love of collaborating with other engineers and business partners. The Blockchain Software Architect must have a high interest in Blockchain and Decentralized Architectures. Core contributions will be made to API design/development as well as various features. The Blockchain Software Architect is responsible for defining the high level and detailed technical designs for supported teams and or programs. They will collaborate with technical leadership and product leadership to translate business requirements into technical solutions that align with the product roadmap, business goals, and technology strategy. ?? Knowledge of the following is highly preferred: Cryptography, signature suites, and Merkle Trees System security Privacy-preserving methods Identity provider methods (OpenID Connect, SAML, FIDO2) Verifiable Credentials and Decentralized Identifiers (W3C) Understanding of trade-offs of various chain methods (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Hyperledger, Corda, Sovrin) History of commercializing tech SaaS platforms (Preferable based on AWS) ?? Knowledge of the following is helpful, but not necessary: Compliance (e.g. HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA) Biometric digitization and storage methods ?? Responsibilities Define the technical direction and software architecture for supported programs; own non-functional requirements; align non-functional requirements with functional requirements, program standards, and enterprise architecture. Lead technical designs; provide oversight for design implementations and codebase; ensure industry standards and best practices are applied in technical designs and code development. Actively participate in multiple standards boards (W3C, DIF\u2026) Hands-on participation in the software development lifecycle, including working with backend developers creating solutions and APIs. Our current Backend technologies are:C# / ASP.NET Core 3.1, Python, Typescript is handy for occasional integration work. Bash, JSON, YAML, REST Collaborate with product management to refine team and program backlogs by reviewing business cases, providing estimates, defining architectural enablers, proposing trade-offs, and identifying and addressing implementation risks. Collaborate with technical and architectural leadership across teams within a program to ensure that technical designs are in line with the enterprise architecture, and in compliance with product and industry practices and regulations; collaborate across programs to address dependencies. Own architectural roadmaps for supported teams; actively contribute to the product roadmap in collaboration with program leadership. Mentor, coach, train, and provide feedback to other program members; provides feedback to leadership on technical abilities of team Operate as a trusted advisor to influence and lead the application of standard processes and practices within a program, including backlog refinement, planning, work estimation, solution demos, and software reviews. Develop prototypes to evaluate and demonstrate architectural concepts and new technologies for software design. Operate as an innovative thought leader; contribute to the overall growth and quality of the program and its teams through knowledge sharing and coaching on current best practices and market trends for software design. ?? Minimum Qualifications Master's degree or equivalent experience Experience with two or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, or JavaScript. Experience with continuous software delivery Master level experience with data structures, algorithms, and software design Understanding of mastery with build environments and delivery pipelines Master level experience in understanding and application of software design, design patterns, architecture patterns, and quality attributes Master level modelling skills covering information, object-oriented, process, state, security, logical, and physical architectural views Master level knowledge and application of modern software development lifecycle processes from product conception through deployment. Significant experience, knowledge, and direct development experience of two or more technology stacks Strong oral and written communications skills that demonstrate a professional demeanor and the ability to interact with a variety of cross-functional roles with occasional executive presence. Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time management skills Strong collaboration skills, applied successfully within team as well as with all levels of employees in other areas Senior-level leadership and business acumen skills capable of engaging with director and vice-president leadership levels. Strong interpersonal skills; able to maintain solid rapport with team members as well as maintain professionalism with those outside of department Strong data gathering, interviewing, and analytical/problem solving skills Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills Strong ability to establish rapport and gain the trust of others; effective at gaining consensus Strong Ability to coach, mentor and provide feedback to team members in a timely manner Strong ability to handle sensitive information with discretion and tact Sharp, fast learner with technology curiosity and aptitude Driven to learn and stay current professionally Passionate, competitive and intellectually curious Strong ability to influence, motivate and mobilize team members and business partners Strong ability to make decisions in timely manner Courage and the ability to take ownership Strong ability developing and using original thinking to translate business goals and functional requirements into the implementation of new ideas and design solutions Strong ability to develop and use engaging, informative and compelling presentation methodologies Strong ability to work effectively with external partners and customers Up to 15% travel time required "
}