{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices",
    "RequiredMatch": "consensus",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "American Century Investments hiring Director of Order Trade and Compliance Technology in Kansas City, Missouri, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "7B163FA3E0A986D6EFD48B0E72056889",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-of-order-trade-and-compliance-technology-at-american-century-investments-1860086094?refId=54201985-ce0e-4033-bee1-f4cd9e66f66e&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Our Firm American Century Investments?? is a leading global asset manager with over 60 years of experience helping investors achieve their financial goals. Serving a broad client base including financial advisors, institutions and individual investors, we offer a wide range of investment strategies across a variety of investment disciplines. Privately controlled and independent, we focus solely on investment management. This empowers us to align our decisions with client expectations and concentrate on their long-term money management needs. We are committed to providing institutional-quality, actively managed solutions with a performance-centered mindset. Our expertise spans global growth equity, global value equity, disciplined equity, multi-asset strategies, global fixed income, alternatives and ETFs. Our culture of winning behaviors exemplifies our dedication to clients every single day. Delivering investment results enables us to distribute over 40% of our dividends\u2014or more than $1.5 billion since 2000\u2014to the Stowers Institute for Medical Research, a 550-person, non-profit biomedical research organization with a controlling interest in American Century Investments. Our dividend payments provide ongoing financial support for the Institute\u2019s work of uncovering the causes, treatments and prevention of life-threatening diseases, like cancer. Headquartered in Kansas City, MO, we also have offices located in New York; London; Hong Kong; Sydney; El Segundo, CA (Los Angeles area); and Mountain View, CA (Silicon Valley). For more information, please visit americancentury.com. Position Summary The Director of Order Trade & Compliance Technology leads the technical order generation, trade execution and pre-trade compliance capabilities for the firm. We are undertaking a significant transformation of our Investments technology capabilities, and this person will be essential to supporting this endeavor! We have multiple, intricate sets of systems supporting our current capabilities and have built and embedded custom IP within them over the years. In order to maintain our competitive position, we need to retrain and enhance those capabilities while we upgrade our technology estate! This is a key leadership role, responsible for inspiring and driving technology teams and working with key business partners. They will lead technology efforts in alignment with the firm\u2019s strategy. Specific areas of importance include trading and order management, technology leadership and partnership to business; enterprise technology design and development. They will drive digital transformation through AI, ML and Blockchain; data engineering and data analytics. In This Role, You Will Utilize progressive technologies and design patterns to build a roadmap for trading and executing upgrades within the firm. Modernize the deployment of microservices based architecture, cloud technologies, artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. Provide inspirational leadership and management to build strong application development teams. Lead and advise business partners on architecture, capabilities, projects, opportunities and problems. Participate in enterprise prioritization processes to represent the business needs and gain consensus for allocation of resources to complete the work. Offer thought leadership to the firm by encouraging standard methodologies, driving the organization vision, referencing architecture and positively participating in strategy formulation etc. Lead technology delivery, plan and lead staffing requirements, scheduling and projects in an agile environment. Review performance, quality, budget, organization and standards of the development team efforts. Participate on the Application Development leadership team and actively influence strategic direction for the organization while ensure all tactics are in support of the long-term strategy. Improve the productivity, cost-effectiveness and quality of the Information Technology department and business area. Ensure accountability of management of security, compliance and audit requirements for all systems, including information security related projects or requests. Required Skills/Experience Bachelor\u2019s degree preferably in Computer Science, MBA is preferred. 15+ years of experience with significant leadership and supervisory tenure, preferably in buy side firms. Experience in building and deploying Order Management Systems, Trade Execution technologies, pre and post trade compliance systems. Experience with leading OMS systems like CRD, SimCorp OMS, EzeCastle etc. will be helpful. A strong expertise in trading and order management architecture. Significant experience operating in financial services, with preference for buy-side (asset management, investment manager, hedge fund, mutual fund) experience. Working understanding of the entire value chain of investment management including research, portfolio construction, portfolio management, risk management, investments analytics etc. Cross asset class knowledge \u2013Equities, Fixed Income, Alternatives and Multi-Asset flows. Outstanding interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate with individuals at all levels of the organization in both verbal and written form Solid technical knowledge, including expertise in Cloud platforms (AWS preferred), microservices architecture, enterprise integration design patterns, current data engineering practices, and an understanding of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Inspirational people leader, who can serve as a role model, to build and lead an Information Technology team. Strong enterprise level project management and vendor relationship skills. EOE Policy Statement : American Century Investments believes all individuals are entitled to equal employment opportunity and advancement opportunities without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age for individuals forty years of age and older, military and veteran status, sexual orientation, and any other basis protected by applicable federal, state and local laws. ACI does not discriminate or adopt any policy that discriminates against an individual or any group of individuals on any of these bases. "
}