{
    "Body": " Audit \u2013 Solution Architect Location: Hermitage/Nashville, TN If you are passionate about how digital technology is transforming business, plan your next career move with Deloitte\u2019s ITS Application Studios. Deloitte\u2019s breadth, depth, and scale, combined with our relentless passion for innovation create powerful opportunities to help our clients and our own organization stay ahead of change, deliver impact that matters, and transform complexity and disruption into lasting value. Our teams are already leveraging Artificial Intelligence, analytics and cutting-edge capabilities to transform how we serve clients and operate our business. Moreover, the team is also actively exploring nascent applications such as IoT, Blockchain and AR/VR. Work You\u2019ll Do In your role, you will be responsible for envisioning and developing new digital products. You will execute day-to-day product development activities across design, development, stakeholder communication, technology vendor management and delivery. Responsibilities Manage clients, complex projects, drive business requirement gathering, manage scope and client expectations Designs long-term, reliable, and end-to-end technical architectures. Develop functional architecture design and contribute to product vision Transforms detailed requirements into a complete, detailed systems design document and Design consistent, extensible and integrated data access enterprise components across distinct data sources and platforms Supports creation of interface specifications and call flows for the various components in the design and build business intelligence from distinct integration points Provide inputs to create Agile user stories based on marketing business requirements Provide technical support for analysis of business requirements and applicability to the current or planned Platform/Enabler/API Platform capabilities Participate in E2E functionality assessment during Validation Testing phases (SIT, UAT) Experience with technical programming; capable of managing and overseeing teams designing, programming and implementing various technical solutions Serve as a technical liaison between the business, project team and developers/testers Work with IT infrastructure teams to deploy and maintain applications The Team Deloitte has revolutionized software and application delivery, creating a model that\u2019s scalable, cost-effective, and leverages a progressive and responsive talent structure. As Deloitte\u2019s primary internal development team, the application studios deliver innovative digital solutions to businesses, service lines, and industries with proven bottom-line results. The 570+ applications in Deloitte\u2019s enterprise application portfolio are created to solve highly complex business problems and lead in practitioner productivity in an increasingly mobile, interconnected, and rapidly evolving landscape. From true enterprise apps enhancing daily productivity to business-enabling systems, ITS Deloitte Application Studios teams enable Deloitte professionals\u2014across business lines\u2014to serve clients with distinction. Information Technology Services (ITS) helps power Deloitte\u2019s success. ITS is the engine that drives Deloitte, which serves many of the world\u2019s largest, most respected organizations. We develop and deploy cutting-edge internal and go-to-market solutions that help Deloitte operate effectively and lead in the market. Our reputation is built on a tradition of delivering with excellence. The 2,200 Professionals In ITS Deliver Services Including Security, risk & compliance Technology support Infrastructure Applications Relationship management Strategy Deployment PMO Financials Communications Deloitte Application Studios (DAS) Deloitte Application Studios (DAS) is the internal software and applications development team responsible for delivering leading-edge technologies to Deloitte professionals. Their broad portfolio includes web and mobile productivity tools which empower our people to log expenses, enter timesheets, book travel and more, anywhere, anytime. DAS enables our client service professionals through a comprehensive suite of applications across the business lines. In addition to application delivery, DAS offers full-scale design services, a robust mobile portfolio, cutting-edge analytics, and innovative custom development. Qualifications And Required Skills A Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or related discipline. While an advanced degree is preferred, the value is placed on the extent of the relevant experience and accomplishments 10+ years Industry experience, in architecture and delivery of software products and solutions. 5+ years in a data engineering role with demonstrable experience with Cognitive computing, data integration, data mining, Natural Language Processing, Hadoop platforms, and automating machine learning components. 3+ years of experience designing and implementing off-prem public cloud (Azure, AWS, GCP, etc.) environments and architectures and operational models. Including developing cloud-ready solutions, like active-active and geo/regional resiliency with near zero RPO & RTO. 3+ years of experience with IaaS, 2+ Years with PaaS and experience with SaaS offerings 2+ years of experience with Public Cloud migrations In-depth architectural understanding of AWS/AZURE and are familiar with cloud native design patterns and DevOps principles (Infrastructure as Code). Strong knowledge of Cloud Infrastructure, preferably designing and implementing off-prem cloud (Azure) or on-prem/private cloud virtualized architectures and solutions, including active-active and geo/regional resiliency with near zero RPO & RTO Strong knowledge in Machine learning and AI. Strong experience in Azure Big Data Technologies like Azure Data Lake, ADLA, HDInsights, Databricks, EsgynDB etc. Knowledge of Chatbot Frameworks and Microsoft Cognitive Services. Strong experience in Relational and NoSQL databases (SQL Server / CosmosDB / MongoDB etc.) Strong experience in at least one programming language (i.e. C#, Java, Python, R). Experience implementing and automating models created by data science teams (i.e. Spark, Scala, Hive, Python, R, etc.) Strong experience in Angular/Angular JS, React JS and Node JS. Container experience with Docker and Kubernetes or other container orchestration platforms Experience with data modeling and normalization concepts. Experience with data visualizations tools like SSRS, PowerBI & Tableau. Experience architecting and building data marts, warehouses, etc. Experience working with different query languages (i.e. PL-SQL, T-SQL). Understanding and experience working with cloud infrastructure services like Azure, Amazon Web Services & Google Cloud. Azure preferred. Experience working with code repositories and continuous integration (i.e. Git, Jenkins, etc.) Understanding of development and project methodologies. Strong experience in leading architecture activities like designing, roadmap, & proof-of-concepts. Prior experience of mobile platforms Xamarin iOS, Xamarin Android, and Xamarin Forms Prior experience in e- commerce, EDI, B2B architectures Ability to manage multiple customers, complex projects, and multiple initiatives Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple initiatives and rapidly changing priorities. Preferred Skills Appropriate Cloud Certification is strongly preferred TOGAF or SEI \u2013 Software Architecture Certification etc., Exposure to BI Tools - like Tableau, PowerBI, QlikSense and DI Tools like Informatica etc., Experience working with SAFe or Agile development processes. How you\u2019ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there\u2019s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte\u2019s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte\u2019s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you\u2019re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, \u201cDeloitte\u201d means Deloitte Services LP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Requisition code: E21NATSMGRDD114-ITL5 Show moreShow less ", 
    "CompanyName": "Deloitte", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "7D3E7CB5441AB64282388155082DE79B", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, continuous integration, information technology, frameworks, scala, android, react, nodejs, business intelligence, artificial intelligence, sql, docker, cloud, social impact, java, git, data science, spark, devops, design patterns, hadoop, big data, mongodb, azure, python, machine learning, nosql, angular, tableau, internet of things, compliance, agile, aws", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Nashville, Tennessee, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20react.js", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "21NATSMGRDD114-ITL5", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20react.js", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Deloitte hiring Solution Architect - Audit in Nashville, Tennessee, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/solution-architect-audit-at-deloitte-1903145043?refId=8f7763fd-5fb5-4163-aa36-a9b7762447f7&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
