{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. As an engineering manager on the Wallet team, you\u2019ll be leading a team that builds and maintains Coinbase\u2019s Wallet app. Wallet lets our users securely store their own digital assets and interface with decentralized applications. We aren\u2019t ONLY building a global scale consumer product, but also a powerful platform for the next generation of decentralized applications. Wallet plays a critical role in proving the utility of crypto and to Coinbase\u2019s mission of an open financial system. You\u2019ll work closely with our product and design teams to identify what our customers need and work cross-functionally with other engineering and non-engineering teams to ship game-changing features to the Wallet (often at the cutting edge of blockchain tech). If you\u2019re passionate about cryptocurrency, the decentralized web, hard engineering problems, and building great user experiences, we should talk. A little about our team: We are technical, driven, hungry, and take continuous learning to heart - every day in our world brings new ideas and opportunities. We take personal ownership of our mission and truly believe we will deliver on it. We also value positive energy, and clear communication and are committed to building an inclusive environment for people from every background. What You'll Be Doing (i.e., Job Duties) Implementing the multi-year strategy for enabling crypto utility and decentralized applications with the technical leadership on your team. Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and chart a fulfilling career path. Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural decisions. Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Work with our talent organization to source and hire amazing engineers who will expand the Coinbase culture and product. Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction. Contribute to owning and delivering processes to drive engineering quality and meet our engineering SLAs. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution. You have at least 5 years of experience in software engineering and at least 5 years of engineering management experience. Comfortable managing engineers working across the stack with an emphasis on iOS and Android. You have experience attracting, hiring and retaining great talent on your team; you have experience mentoring senior engineers. You know what high-quality code \u2014 and software engineering processes \u2014 look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them. You\u2019re passionate about building an open financial system for the world. Nice to haves You have worked on mobile products with a focus on finance, security, or user experience. You have experience in cryptography and blockchain technologies. You are familiar with the decentralized finance ecosystem. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "8091AC71BDC3B2E3D33A5115F54FF8F3", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, wallet, digital asset, financial, android, product manager, dapps, cryptography, privacy, defi, software engineer, decentralized", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20decentralized", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20decentralized", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Coinbase hiring Engineering Manager, Wallet in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-manager-wallet-at-coinbase-1858850907?refId=59684008-57fa-40d6-8da2-dd34984afb5e&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
