{
    "Body": " Introduction As an Application Developer, you will lead IBM into the future by translating system requirements into the design and development of customized systems in an agile environment. The success of IBM is in your hands as you transform vital business needs into code and drive innovation. Your work will power IBM and its clients globally, collaborating and integrating code into enterprise systems. You will have access to the latest education, tools and technology, and a limitless career path with the world\u2019s technology leader. Come to IBM and make a global impact! Your Role and Responsibilities \"As an Application Architect the main job responsibilities are (but not limited to): Gather the business requirements from customer, assess the requirements and propose the right solutions with proper estimates based on the functional and technical knowledge acquired on Bluemix & Sterling. Analyze and design technology approaches and develop architectures and technology solutions so that the technical team can easily do the development. Research, assess, analyze and recommend customer enterprise architecture standards and ensure their use. Evaluate emerging technologies and standards which can be recommended to make the system more efficient and reliable. Design and develop for the implementation of \u201cAlinIQ\u201d customer application on Bluemix platform. Also implement Sterling platform and migrate EDI interfaces, which are currently spread across multiple products in multiple countries. Work with customers to develop AlinIQ to move to Bluemix from traditional data center to cloud platform. Work with customers to migrate the EDI interfaces to Sterling. Implement the integration of backend systems with Bluemix cloud solution, which will avoid the external third party and reduce cost on integration. Design and implement virtual data center in Bluemix cloud and infrastructure setup for Sterling, based on customer\u2019s environment segregation requirement like separate environment for Test, development, and production environment. Design and develop patterns based on customer requirement and use pattern engine based image deployment to deploy customers work load faster into the cloud environment. Also design the pattern for migrating the EDI interfaces to new Sterling platform. Integrate the customer\u2019s Business process into the Cloud provisioning workflows. Create the architecture for integration of AlinIQ with the help Bluemix cloud Solution. Design, Plan and Implement the Sterling solution with industry best standards in Error handling, automated monitoring, solve complex business problems with EDI solutions like multi-level SSCC (Serial Shipping Container Code), which will reduce time in handling of shipments in the supply chain process. Implement the integration of Managed Security Services in Bluemix for AlinIQ, so the multiple end customers can be managed and supported from single portal. Design and Develop secured solution for customers with Bluemix services in Cloud using AlinIQ Application. Transform the EDI platform to the Industry best standard solution using Sterling. Design the eco system required to support the Bluemix and Sterling environments like Monitoring and event Management capability, Backup, Encryption of Data in Rest and Motion, Vulnerability scanning etc. Work as the main technical interface to the clients on multiple tiers. Participate in proof of concepts to assist in defining technology direction Design and implement IBM Blockchain process on the critical business processes, based on the proof of concept that was delivered. Work on the IBM MQ MFT migration to the latest architecture. Work on designing the MFT Automated monitoring tool, and configure the same for all the 550+ Abbott servers. Work on Request for Proposal [RFP] response and Request for Information [RFI].\" 71 S Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606 Required Technical and Professional Expertise 12+ years of experience on the Job description Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise 12+ years of experience on the Job description About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "810A2A8764F4C60C1F093B845C2E7595", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, emerging technologies, back end, encryption, supply chain, collaboration, compliance, backbone, agile, proof of concepts", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls", 
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "encryption", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "IBM hiring Application Architect in Austin, Texas, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/application-architect-at-ibm-1826263210?refId=52c7b70c-6b8f-4f3c-bd15-2e00b3560b5e&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
