{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20crypto",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Protiviti hiring Atlanta Technology Consulting Technology Strategy & Architecture (Payments) FSI Director in Atlanta, Georgia, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "81E9EDC9162B66C76C466CB3BFFFAAB2",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " At Protiviti, you make a positive impact on our clients, the company, and your community. We hire creative, curious people who like learning and growing every day. We fuel your curiosity with challenging work, talented colleagues and innovative learning resources. At every level of our team, we build leaders who have the ability to influence and achieve. We value inclusion and encourage you to bring your whole self to work \u2013 all of your talents, passions, and priorities\u2026 all of the things that make you who you are. Are you inspired to lead, learn, grow, and make a difference? You've come to the right place! JOB REQUISITION Atlanta Technology Consulting Technology Strategy & Architecture (Payments) FSI Director LOCATION ATLANTA - PEACHTREE RD ADDITIONAL LOCATION Job Description Are You Ready to Live Protiviti? The Protiviti Career provides opportunity to learn, inspire and advance within a collaborative and diverse company culture. We hire curious people for whom learning is an everyday activity. We fuel your curiosity with challenging work, talented colleagues and creative learning resources. At every level, we champion leaders who influence and achieve results. We encourage you to \u201cbring your whole self to work\u201d \u2013 all of your motivations, passions, priorities and commitments \u2013 as these things bring us closer to exceptional. That's Living Protiviti. We strive to recruit and hire the best talent, and it does not stop there. Once you join us, we promise to help you bring your career to life through exceptional work experiences, a culture passionate about learning and development, and a dedication to what matters to you. Are you inspired to make a difference? Then you have come to the right place. Where We Need You The Atlanta office is seeking a Payments Technology, Strategy & Operations Director to join our growing team. What You Can Expect Directors are focused on developing business opportunities in the marketplace and are valuable leaders within our organization and the business community. Directors pride themselves on client satisfaction and as leaders on engagements, ensure that each engagement project is performed to Protiviti\u2019s standards of quality and meet the needs of the client. Directors, partnering with the Managing Directors, ensure that each client project is completed with the client satisfied with our service and the quality of our work. Directors develop lasting relationships within the business community, and are respected for their areas of expertise. What Will Help You Be Successful You are a driver in the engagement of sales opportunities and consistently develop work at existing and prospective clients. You collaborate with other leaders to develop client strategies to support current projects and longer-term business strategy. You are passionate about building trusted relationships with C-level executives and providing superior service that is used as a reference in obtaining additional work. You take the lead role in maintaining primary contact with significant clients while managing their expectations, project scope and the related operational matters. You have an interest in converting client business challenges into additional sales opportunities. You enjoy discovering new opportunities with current and potential clients and through thought leadership, proposal writing and client interactions. You design and develop thought leadership materials to be shared with your colleagues and your network. You promote Protiviti\u2019s mission, vision and values and encourage collaboration across your teams to ensure effective execution. You have an inherent interest in project management and team leadership. You seek new ways to create extraordinary development opportunities and ways for your team to make an impact on our clients and communities.Do Your Talents Include the Following? Expert knowledge of payment systems in the US and globally. Deep experience with the traditional four party model for processing, clearing and settlement of payments. Experience with new technologies that are changing the way payments are processed including, blockchain, crypto-currency, real-time payments, robotic process automation Significant understanding of the networks, applications and infrastructure that accept, process, transmit and settle payment transactions Basic knowledge of treasury systems at both a large enterprise as well as within a financial services client. Working knowledge of ecommerce platforms, payment gateways, fraud tools, payment reconciliation and similar functionality Experience with security, including PCI compliance, privacy, network segmentation and penetration testing Knowledge of product and technology strategy including strategy development, portfolio review/management, business case development, competitive analysis, etc. Experience in guiding alignment between IT and the business strategy, while considering operational and regulatory drivers in service areas including but not limited to: IT Infrastructure Transformation - addressing Technical Debt of aged infrastructure and designing plans to achieve core modernization. Knowledge of leading edge infrastructure technologies IT Strategic Planning & Implementation - working with client executives to develop 1 - 3 year IT strategic plan that aligns to organizational requirements for both current operations and future growth initiatives. Enterprise Architecture - Analyzing, defining and executing enterprise change toward desired business vision and outcomes. Deep understanding of the financial services industry, the issues facing firms in the industry and managing risks inherent to money movement Working understanding of the regulatory environment and critical regulatory bodies/frameworks that influence the financial services industry Ability to work with a diverse portfolio of clients across industries Supervisory experience of teams including Consultants, Senior Consultants, Managers, Senior Managers and Associate Directors Advanced project management, status reporting capabilities and experience managing multiple workstreams Ability to network and build lasting relationships Previous experience with FSI Products/Services/Solutions, including but not limited to; Commercial Banking, Capital markets, Insurance, Asset Management, Broker-Dealer or FinTech/RegTechYour Educational and Professional Qualifications: Bachelor\u2019s degree in relevant discipline required 15+ years in a related field required; preferably in professional services and/or industry Previous experience with FSI Products/Services areas including but not limited to: Commercial Banking, Capital markets, Bank Cards/Payments, Insurance, Asset Management or Broker-Dealer Previous experience with Technology or Retail Products/Services areas related to payments, including but not limited to: strategy, payment partnerships, acceptance, marketing, product development and product management Certifications including but not limited to disciplines such as security (e.g., QSA, CISSP), application life cycle management (e.g., PMP, Agile Scrum/Product Owner, SAFe, DevOps), service management (e.g., ITIL) are a plusDo You Love Exploring New Places? We travel throughout the month frequently based upon client requests/commitments. Travel may include suburban, regional, or out of state locations. Protiviti is not licensed or registered as a public accounting firm and does not issue opinions on financial statements or offer attestation services. For all US & Canada Postings: You may submit your application materials online or call 1.888.556.7420 for additional ways to apply. Protiviti is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veteran JOB LOCATION GA PRO ATLANTAShow moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/atlanta-technology-consulting-technology-strategy-architecture-payments-fsi-director-at-protiviti-1926292545?refId=f70fea9b-29b7-405e-9aea-567410d711f6&position=20&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Atlanta, Georgia, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Protiviti",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
