{
    "Body": " About Us Tassat Group LLC, is a New York-based fintech company that provides blockchain-based technology solutions for Digital Payments and Digital Exchange markets.??By blending cutting edge technology with sophisticated engineering, we are changing the way the world transacts digitally. ?? We have already delivered the first digital payments platform approved by the NYDFS that has transacted significant volume to date, and plans to launch a CFTC-regulated digital asset derivatives exchange designed for institutional investors. All products listed for trading on the exchange will be self-certified with the CFTC. Our digital asset ecosystem also offers data analytics products, including a comprehensive benchmark for Bitcoin and Ether. You can find us located in the vibrant Flatiron District. As a Head of Payments Platform, a Senior Business Development & Commercialization role, you are the subject matter expert in bank payments ensuring the growth of Tassat\u2019s product line is innovative for its customers, and the company.??You will be responsible for the wholesale and commercial payments technology, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer.??Your passion for technology and its role in driving efficiencies will make you a great partner working side by side with our engineers and other operational professionals. Working With Us At Tassat, you will work with incredibly talented engineers, market experts, and thought leaders to shape the future of a financial ecosystem.??We offer a uniquely entrepreneurial, supportive culture, where ideas can come from anywhere and execution is everything.?? We understand the importance of autonomy, mastery, and purpose We strive to be extremely transparent, organizationally flat, and open-minded. While you will have clearly delineated responsibilities, you are welcome and encouraged to contribute beyond those areas. We value ideas and results, not ranks and titles We believe great results can only come from great people. If you're interested in working alongside people who are bright, creative, and diligent, this is the place Who We're Looking For Head of Payments Platform \u2013 a Senior Business Development Opportunity We value people who can bring new perspectives to our company. Here are some traits that are important to us: Ability to solve problems head on (and hands-on) and in simple creative ways Bring unwavering passion to the team and the work you do Reliable and independent. We expect a lot out of you, but we won't keep tabs on you. You must thrive in that kind of environment Savvy researcher, continuous learner, and enthusiastic team player.??We need you to feel like an owner, motivated to succeed and enthusiastic about helping others Urgency is key!??We all play many roles here and must get our hands into everything to get it done Ability to be a player and coach What You Own?? First and foremost, you are the steward to ensure that all commercialization, business development and sales for the Tassat Payments Platform is conducted in the highest possible professional level Responsible for the strategic roadmap for the business elements of the Payments Platform Ownership of pipeline development, pipeline management and prospecting Responsible for sales of the Payments Platform Responsible for seeking and presenting (when appropriate) to the CEO partnerships, acquisitions, collaborations with any 3rd party provider pertaining to Payments Platform What You Bring?? A broad knowledge and understanding of the wholesale banking and commercial payments landscape with fundamental comprehension of the underlying technology Proven track record of selling or business development or product management of payment products Experience building a business-minded approach to client feedback and advisory groups, which helps the business make intelligent decisions about new solutions to legacy challenges and product growth Outstanding communication skills with demonstrable ability to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders Strong emotional intelligence to your work. You can operate as a teacher, a leader, a motivator, and an influencer as appropriate?? Extremely organized and competent in sales pipeline and project management Ability to quickly move from high level strategy to rolling up your sleeves and working in the trenches Experience, interest, or interaction with digital currency solutions You Should Have?? 15 years plus experience working as a digital transformation product manager at small to mid-size banks Strong background in core payments including retail and corporate payments-particularly with ACH, Wires, EFT, SWIFT, Faster Payment, payment messaging, ISO200022 Knowledge in digital payments innovation, payments re-platforming, real-time payments and architectures?? Involvement in Open banking/Open APIs and cross border payments Outstanding sales skills with a proven track record of success in designing and successfully implementing a business development program Extensive senior level relationships at multiple banks Viewed by your colleagues as a thought leader in the industry Known for your high integrity and professionalism Some Nice to Haves Knowledge of or exposure to mobile payments, blockchain/distributed ledger Basic understanding of correspondent banking, trade finance and supply chain finance Tassat Group LLC is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Tassat", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "86FF5BC14E582B774E86267406599A55", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, mobile payments, data analytics, digital asset, supply chain, financial, product manager, business development, dlt, bitcoin, banking, swift", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20fintech", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "bitcoin", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20fintech", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Tassat hiring Head of Payments Platform in New York, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-payments-platform-at-tassat-1842806482?refId=5f3c07c8-b166-40d1-997e-fbf9da42626e&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
