{
    "Body": " Introduction Are you a pioneer? An \u201cintrapreneur\u201d? Do you like building businesses from the ground up? Are you passionate about Healthcare and want to change how it is delivered today? Are disruptive technologies like AI, Blockchain and Quantum interesting to you? Do you want to run fast and break things?If so, we have an opportunity for you! We are on a journey to build a services practice within IBM Watson Health. Our mission is to bring create a services team that has the clarity, focus, empathy and industry expertise needed to shape the transformative journey with our most important clients. We will do that with the incredible products, data sets and platforms across IBM Watson Health and IBM. This is a new venture that has a startup\u2019s mentality with the support of the IBM enterprise behind it. Health transformation, like digital transformation, requires a balance of technology, people, innovation, and disruption to meet its ambitious goals. Watson Health Services brings those capabilities, our world-class platform, and broad partner ecosystem to some of the most impactful efforts in the Health industry. Our team needs those with intellectual curiosity, desire, ambition and fortitude to help lead these efforts at some of the most prestigious health organizations in the world. Come join our team! Your Role and Responsibilities Specific Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To As an Associate Partner, you\u2019ll leverage your extensive healthcare and consulting experience to create solutions and lead delivery team(s) focused on helping our Life Sciences clients transform their business, leveraging IBM\u2019s end-to-end capabilities. You will work to shape their transformation plan, case for change and approach to get there from start to finish. Manage strategic engagements and lead a team of diverse talent to deliver high value plays. Develop AI strategy to address Life Sciences business problems Determine client pain points and recommend solutions to drive business value Identify new business opportunities in new / existing clients. Develop and own relationships with senior client stakeholders Own delivery of complex digital transformation projects, supporting the development and implementation of client strategy. Solutions may include Blockchain, cloud, data analytics, AI, and Watson Health products. Be accountable for the financial management of clients Supervise, coach and develop your team\u2019s industry, consulting and technical acumen Balance the need for seeing the bigger picture in the context of the relevant and tactical details Being active in the offering management life cycle and in shaping the IBM Watson Health Consulting organization WHConsult Required Technical and Professional Expertise 8+ years of progressive consulting experience at a Big4 or similar type firm Must have experience across various business transformation elements: user experience, process optimization / target operating model design, org change management, data analytics 5+ years\u2019 experience in advising Life Sciences companies in the area of clinical operations, drug development, commercial model innovation, pharma portfolio management, acceleration of clinical development processes or pharma change management Must have experience managing and directing multi-functional teams of 6+ consultants Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise Experience with leading clinical trial optimization and RWE (real world evidence) data and analytics initiatives About Business Unit Watson Health Consulting is focused on large-scale, end-to-end transformative heath solutions globally. Our team is passionate about creating sustainable value across Payer, Provider, Life Sciences and Government Health and Human Services segments. We strive totacklethe toughest business challenges with cutting-edge technology and innovative digital solutions. We pride ourselves in our deep industry expertise and entrepreneurial culture, backed by IBM\u2019s enterprise scale.If you are a strategy consulting leader with a track record and passion for defining and leading large-scale digital transformation across life sciences companies, from R&D, including clinical trial transformation, to commercialization, encompassing people, process, data and technology, then you\u2019ll fit right in. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "8DD7CD11F46D1332C9DB034193E0BC3B", 
    "KeyTerms": "pharmaceutical, data analytics, financial, health organizations, artificial intelligence, cloud, clarity, disruptive, collaboration, compliance, health industry, disruptive technologies, intellectual curiosity, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Greater Boston", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20clarity", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20clarity", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "IBM hiring Watson Health - Associate Partner - Life Sciences Strategy in Greater Boston | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/watson-health-associate-partner-life-sciences-strategy-at-ibm-1852814038?refId=8e239ce2-9498-4887-b270-2193fca2e3f6&position=1&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
