{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/externalApply/1853455879?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsjobs.brassring.com%2FTGnewUI%2FSearch%2Fhome%2FHomeWithPreLoad%3FPageType%3DJobDetails%26partnerid%3D25009%26siteid%3D5121%26jobId%3D695591&urlHash=NxBG&refId=4e01544b-8e5b-4d33-9c39-73373925a5eb&trk=public_jobs_apply-link-offsite",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sentara Healthcare hiring Senior Vice President and Chief Information and Innovation Officer in Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "8EC08657A4C432A6A5FD443417AFF7A2",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Job Description Technology is critical to the success of Sentara. The CIO is the company\u2019s top technology executive and will lead all aspects of technology to create and drive scalable solutions through technology, innovation and data analytics. S/he will report directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer and will serve as an integral member of Sentara\u2019s CEO Work Group (Senior Executive Leadership Team) as Sentara looks to elevate to the next level of digitization and technological advances to enhance the consumer experience, deepen patient engagement and take the health system beyond where it is today. S/he will be a strategic and visionary technology and business leader capable of leveraging his/her experience in a high growth, data-driven, multi-site healthcare organization of scale to help the company drive an aggressive innovation agenda and promote significant growth. The CIO will set the overall information technology vision and strategy for the company, executing an innovative and creative approach to better enable business growth and success through the use of technology. The successful candidate will bring new ideas to the company, utilizing data/analytics, IoT, and emerging technologies to automate and elevate internal systems and platforms and create a differentiated patient/consumer experience and gain a competitive advantage in the healthcare space. S/he will forge successful working relationships with cross-functional partners in a fast-paced, agile environment and will balance long-term strategic vision with the ability to move and react quickly while displaying flexibility to plans and situations that change with short notice. Responsibilities Partner with cross-functional business leaders to create a vision for how technology can serve as a competitive differentiator for Sentara \u2013 utilizing data, analytics, and new progressive technologies to help create a differentiated experience for employees, patients, members and partners, and drive efficiency in operations. Challenge the status quo, bring forward new ideas and drive the development of a winning future technology strategy for the company. Develop an innovative but realistic technology roadmap and implement the discipline that will enable the company to get from where they are today to where they need to be tomorrow. Provide leadership and strategic direction, ensuring creative, effective and cost-efficient use of technology. Lead and develop a culture of IT operational excellence, improving efficiency, agility, cost transparency and effectiveness, service quality, and overall business performance. Leverage and transcend the existing IT applications/infrastructure environment to a new, more modern architecture to support growth strategy and evolving needs of the business. Oversee the full range of technology projects and acquisitions across the system, including its hospitals, clinics, health plan, and other organizations, ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Provide direction and leadership to the enterprise technology function to ensure that it is effectively and efficiently supporting the needs of both distributed and centralized clinical and business operations. Simplify and align the technology portfolio, ultimately resulting in a highly integrated environment to enable growth and overall productivity across the various divisions of the organization. Proactively advise on IT modernization, including relevant emerging technology and digital trends. Provide an innovative perspective around initiatives such as telehealth, blockchain, cloud, new elements of IT security, IoT, AI, etc. Balance investments in legacy technology and core operating functionality, while investing in digital transformation and agility to respond to evolving customer-facing business requirements. Support data and analytics as a core asset of the company by quickly evolving and upgrading decision support tools that will allow leadership to access and extract key information in a timely manner and facilitate core business decisions. Ensure that information is captured, structured and effectively presented for operational decision making and clinical insights. Serve as a thought leader, contributing to all areas of business growth, including mergers and acquisitions. Drive partnerships and collaboration to integrate and create new capabilities across the Sentara enterprise. Provide proactive perspectives to incorporate into Sentara\u2019s broader business model. Collaborate with cross functional leaders as a true business and strategic partner and enabler of the organization; exchange insights, present new methodologies, and discuss new technologies and advancements. Establish a forward-thinking position for Sentara\u2019s online experience, enabling long term success for both the health plan and provider businesses. Serve as a visionary leader around data to ensure world-class technology support, delivery platforms, storage, and distribution. Collaborate with the Chief Marketing Officer to enable and optimize transformational, customer-facing digital initiatives through product and technology. Ensure that every customer is able to have an integrated digital experience; simplify the consumer interface with both the plan and provider side and provide better data and knowledge of the consumer. Assess and ensure technology resources are aligned to drive success of the business; design IT organizational transformation as necessary. Attract, retain, and develop strong talent. Encourage collaboration and engagement while upskilling the technology organization. Promote diversity and inclusion within the organization. Manage the enterprise technology risk strategy, establishing appropriate standards and controls, leading and coordinating the response to incidents and implementing appropriate policies and procedures. Ensure a holistic view of cyber security as a key investment in Sentara\u2019s risk mitigation strategy. Oversee the implementation and management of Sentara\u2019s ERP solutions in close collaboration with cross-functional executives. Provide leadership and advice to ERP users to ensure effective, impactful and efficient operations. Oversee management of third party ERP vendors. Govern and negotiate multiple vendor and sourcing relationships for technology resources; ensure acceptable service levels and influence enhancements of application and software functionality. Conduct strategic sourcing to identify the most cost effective, efficient and appropriate utilization of resources. Physical Location Sentara Independence Department Number and Name 010042701 IS Administration Employment Status Full time Shifts First (Days) Job Posting For Further Consideration Please Contact Heidrick & Struggles at Sentara-CIO@heidrick.com Required Education Master's Level Degree - BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION OR Master's Level Degree - COMPUTER SCIENCE OR Master's Level Degree - HEALTH ADMINISTRATION Experience The SVP, CIO will have successfully navigated and helped accelerate their industry and their company with the application of game changing technology and processes. The CIO is a highly effective business leader who excels in defining and executing a technology vision across the end-to-end value chain. S/he must have a deep understanding of driving technology as a business enabler. This individual must have a high IQ and EQ to be viewed as a strategic partner by Sentara\u2019s Leadership Team. The capabilities and experiences most critical to success in this role are: Technology background that includes experience serving as CIO or Head of IT with responsibility for scalable solutions delivery in support of business growth and differentiation, preferably in a complex, multisite, healthcare organization of scale. Demonstrated experience implementing ERP solutions and leadership of large-scale M&A systems integration/migration activities to optimize both front-end and back-end technology. Proven experience leading digital enterprise transformation and automation and implementing modern technologies such as cloud, mobile, data/analytics and IoT to enable growth and create a differentiated patient, member, partner and employee experience. Proven experience building credibility and collaborating with cross-functional business executives to assess organizational challenges, institute prioritization and deliver results; able to drive change through influence and persuasion. Strong business acumen; possesses understanding of impact that technology has on overall business strategy and the ability and desire to contribute beyond the realm of technology. Proven experience transforming a technology organization in terms of process, capabilities and execution; ensures the right team is in place to accomplish business goals. Proven success in leading and managing large, high-performing teams in a highly successful organization, including a history of recruiting and motivating talented and diverse staff. Successfully operated within a complex, data-rich environment supporting shared information services and business intelligence. Adept at leveraging data to support delivery and create true insights. Licenses and Certifications None, unless noted in the \"Other\" section below Skills Forward-looking and innovative. S/he will question the status quo and push the envelope as Sentara continues to operate at the cutting edge of integrated care. Execution-oriented and results-driven; creates a vision, defines direction, influences, and inspires. Builds enthusiasm and commitment throughout Sentara to achieve success and deliver. Thinks strategically and proactively; serves as a thoughtful contributor on the leadership team and identifies business opportunities and brings interesting perspectives that can be rationalized to meet business needs. Possesses strategic maturity and an ability to contribute to matters beyond IT. Demonstrates analytic decision-making skills to synthesize complex information and translate to actionable insights; ability to challenge the status quo with facts and defend decisions with quantitative and qualitative evidence. Demonstrates, builds, and sustains a partnership mentality; relationship oriented and invested in maintaining and growing partnerships. Excellent stakeholder management. A natural change agent with a combination of vision and execution skills; a technical leader with a hands-on mentality. Decisive; not afraid to make difficult decisions. Conflict resolution skills are critical; confident and self-assured but maintains a low ego. Functions as a team player that influences both directly and indirectly. Promotes change, high standards, a culture of accountability, and improved consumer, patient, and member experience performance. Possess outstanding oral and written communication skills, with strong general business acumen. Acts as a talent developer and talent scout, proactively engages external talent, builds and nurtures internal talent; empowers individuals and manages diverse teams to drive engagement and performance; nurtures a team culture within a distributed organization. Strong executive presence with the ability to be seen as an equal at the executive table. Uses diplomacy and tact, balanced with a sense of urgency to move projects and decisions forward. Other External Posting Description City Virginia Beach, VA Job Category Professional/ManagementShow moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-vice-president-and-chief-information-and-innovation-officer-at-sentara-healthcare-1853455879?refId=4e01544b-8e5b-4d33-9c39-73373925a5eb&position=15&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Sentara Healthcare",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
