{
    "Body": " What will you contribute? The Financial Messaging & Services provide hosted mission critical systems to both financial institutions and corporates which include and not limited to SWIFT Messaging Interfaces, Market Infrastructure Rails, Transaction Screening, Payment Fraud Prevention and Cash Management. The Customer Success Manager is responsible for cultivating and maintaining strong relationships within Financial Messaging & Services accounts ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction and recognition of ROI, leading to strong renewals and growth opportunities. The candidate will work closely with our customers alongside Sales, Customer Support, and Product Management and Finance teams to ensure our services are delivered successfully. The candidate will be responsible to drive strategic initiatives and manage cross functional activities. The strategic initiatives will include new solutions and value-added services utilizing modern technology such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and global payment network powered by blockchain. Responsibilities & Deliverables As the Head of North America, Customer Success and Strategic Initiatives, your deliverables will include, but not limited to the following: Candidate should be entrepreneur and self-driven Build relationships with assigned customers, help them with issues, and continually delight them with a positive, customer-centric attitude. Work with customers to ensure they are leveraging our platform effectively and finding value in our services Work closely with Sales, Support, Billing, and other Technical teams to ensure an exceptional customer experience and take care of any customer issues Adhere to Finastra Client Services standards and processes while also ensuring assigned performance targets and service level objectives are met Ensure client satisfaction by responding to requests for assistance. Investigate, troubleshoot, or escalate issues as required. Accept responsibility for, coordinate, and track issues to a resolution/conclusion Conduct customer-focused channel partner QBRs (Quarterly Business Reviews), measuring performance against pre-established business metrics Thoroughly document all interactions with clients in case tracking system. Escalate complex and/or client sensitive issues Document client suggestions; provide work-around solutions, when possible, for identified problems in D+H / Finastra products; and ensure individuals who need to be informed are made aware of problems. Use tracking system(s) to report and monitor product maintenance and enhancements Be a customer advocate while capturing customer feedback and reporting requests to Product Management and Development Efficiently manage time to focus on essential activities to ensure customer satisfaction, account renewal, and account growth Develop and share best practices with team members to continually improve the quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of our processes On a business need basis, you may be required to track calls using MS CRM / Salesforce, while maintaining detailed notes of the customer\u2019s request Build strong knowledge in FMS Products and educate customers on the use and benefits of those products Required Skills & Experience Bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience in a customer-facing role, such as Customer Success, Customer Support, Project Management or Product Management Excellent communication skills - both written and verbal Superior customer service skills and Professional Telephone etiquettes Excellent multitasking and project management skills Confident, high energy, self-motivated and a true team player Well-organized, with a high attention to detail and ability to prioritize Independent analysis and problem-solving skills. Ability to multi-task in sometimes stressful environment Ability to toggle between several different programs and not get overwhelmed Excellent interpersonal skills Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies Patience and the desire and ability to go above and beyond for the cause Ability to work independently within a team Ability to work with minimal supervision and show initiative and judgment Effective time management skills. Proven ability to learn quickly. Proven ability as problem solver. Ability to work with clients, co-workers or third parties professionally and tactfully. Possesses a neat, punctual, positive, proactive and professional work ethic. Working knowledge of MS Office Applications, Windows, Internet and various applications. Previous experience in Financial Messaging, SWIFT, Sanctions Screening, Fraud Prevention and AML is a big advantage Exposure to MS CRM / Salesforce preferred The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability please contact your recruitment partner. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Finastra", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "9034D755A90F5F8997BF15FCB1E1DD4C", 
    "KeyTerms": "anti money laundering, financial, fraud, artificial intelligence, swift", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Plano, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Finastra hiring Customer Success and Strategic Initiatives Lead, North America in Plano, Texas, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-success-and-strategic-initiatives-lead-north-america-at-finastra-1841894056?refId=2a8c3900-08bd-4d0d-bf9c-543771a85846&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
