{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20functional",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20functional",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "GE Healthcare hiring Director - User Experience in Chicago, Illinois, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "933E0A91C8CF8691318C50A4CF32320E",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Role Summary: As a Director of UX for Digital Imaging, you will apply your knowledge of team, product and project management, UX research, design and testing methodologies, industry UX best practices and proven UX processes to help coordinate, plan, define, design and deliver next-generation digital imaging diagnostics software on schedule with superb quality. Help set a compelling, consistent UX direction for GE\u2019s diverse imaging products and lead/coordinate a distributed team in Europe and the US. Essential Responsibilities Utilize your technical proficiency in Design Research, Visual Design, Interaction Design, Design Technology or Content Strategy by owning and managing multiple rapid research, design, prototyping and product development efforts, including UX budgets Coordinate, scope, plan, coach, mentor, lead, and provide career guidance and development to a global group of UX professionals in Chicago, Pittsburgh, Budapest and France Identify skill gaps within the team and work to fill gaps with talent, experience or training; develop, onboard or implement new tools and processes to enable the team Influence change and business decisions through partnerships with others and using the latest UX methods, such as Google Design sprints, collaborative design, service design, informal and formal testing and rapid prototyping Be a passionate advocate and evangelist of UX with executives, business leaders, and GE talent at all levels of the org. and externally Work with product owners and architects to develop realistic multi-generational product plans that properly prioritize, scope and plan for UX research, design and testing at all phases of the product dev. process. Work with product owners across the businesses to understand market needs & vision; work with teams to quickly translate that vision into workflows, interactions and designs for software Participate in and lead team discussions relative to current user experience projects. Feel comfortable independently leading design sprints, UX requirements definition sessions and design thinking workshops and accurately scoping UX research and design work Work directly with customers and users to understand business and technical needs, goals, work processes and outcomes Contribute to and leverage a healthcare-wide design system Demonstrate a strong understanding of Agile software development as well as Lean UX methodologies and can troubleshoot the challenges of integrating UX into an Agile model Become a recognized internal expert on UX for healthcare diagnostic imaging software Guide effective documentation and communication of design - via wireframes, mockups, workflows, prototypes, written requirements, usability documentation and coded UI components Provide leadership and contribute to the larger UX community at Healthcare Digital Leads team\u2019s engagement with product owners and other business stakeholders to frame problems, prioritize and scope design efforts, receive and respond to design feedback, with the ultimate goal of shipping a high-quality product that is valued by our customers Leads teams to use participatory design activities (e.g. paper prototype co-creation, card sorting) to understand vision, business model and assumptions and tacit knowledge about user needs and behaviors. Leads teams to conduct user research to understand user needs, mental models and working contexts Synthesizes output of stakeholder research & creates visualizations that effectively summarize key insights related to user and customer needs and behaviors, product definition. Leads teams to create annotated prototypes or wireframes of user interface designs that visually and textually communicate the behavior of a software application. Facilitates constructive design thinking workouts. Preferably, demonstrates strong UX knowledge and leadership in the healthcare sector and particularly healthcare diagnostics, reporting, monitoring and/or imaging software. Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Interaction, Graphic, or Industrial Design preferred or in \u201cSTEAM\u201d Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math) or related field; or equivalent work experience A minimum of 8 years of professional experience in user experience design A minimum of 2 years of professional experience in people management Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job Must be willing to travel Business Acumen Desired Characteristics: Directs and mentors others to use systems thinking to address problems and questions at scale. Plans and scopes design programs that improve product and service UX at scale. Creates, analyzes & manages projects that provide direct business impact. Demonstrates detailed knowledge of how healthcare and healthcare diagnostic industry trends & competitive landscape impact GE. Sees patterns within industry issues and broader trends, such as in AI, blockchain, consumer health monitoring and autonomous transportation Identifies new project opportunities based on design thinking principles and prior outcomes. Translates the realistic and creative ideas into plans and actions. Thinks beyond boundaries to create vision. Assembles the larger 360 view and communicates that picture to others. Leadership Uses facilitative techniques to lead cross-functional teams Recognizes and shapes group dynamic, energy, progress, unproductive/disruptive behavior toward desired goals of session. Influences through others, including by use of experts or other third parties. Builds direct and \"behind the scenes\" support for ideas. Foresees downstream consequences and effectively tailors communication strategy to support a positive outcome. Uses root cause analysis to identify, correct and/or eliminate the causes of problems as well as the problem itself. Recommends corrective as well as preventative actions. Recommends timeframes in which to execute preventative actions. Initiate change requests in response to risks that threaten the projects. Creates meaningful stories and two-way communications that drive behavior. Communicates functional strategy and roadmap with sufficient detail for teams to utilize. Coaches others on effective presentation skills. Collaborates with leadership on mediums and messages that drive the intended direction of the organization with measurable results. Personal Attributes Strong bias towards action and delivery Functions effectively under pressure, with tight deadlines and on high-visibility projects. Prior digital agency experience preferred Uses critical thinking skills, analytical and emotional reasoning and disciplined approaches to help leaders and leadership teams understand the value and impact of UX, resolve issues and define optimal solutions Excellent communication skills and the ability to interface with senior leadership with confidence and clarity. Strong industry leadership, presentation and public speaking abilities preferred Identifies new opportunities by creating bonds of trust with customers. Creates a team environment where people are motivated, share more, feel more engaged, and ultimately perform better. Able to help colleagues see the value of a human-focused perspective in technology research, design and development. Acts and decides appropriately when all available information may not be possible to obtain. Preferably, possesses strong existing domain knowledge of healthcare and particularly healthcare diagnostics, reporting, monitoring or imaging software. About Us: GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE\u2019s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). Additional Locations: United States;Illinois, Wisconsin;Chicago, Waukesha;Show moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-user-experience-at-ge-healthcare-1928153255?refId=56e72cf7-3f7d-4f97-8f78-0a40edbc3d4a&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Chicago, Illinois, United States",
    "CompanyName": "GE Healthcare",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
