{
    "Body": " About Symbiont Team Symbiont is the enterprise fintech company creating the next generation of financial markets infrastructure using blockchain technology. Symbiont's permissioned blockchain platform, Assembly???, opens new markets and drives efficiencies for the world's leading financial institutions. The Symbiont team is split along a number of use-case driven business lines and the base platform itself. Each of our teams are focused on delivering on business line specific goals while working collaboratively across business lines to build well designed applications and continuously enhance the platform. In this we work closely with external partners and clients ranging from small start ups to large institutions. About Data Management Team The Data Management team has been in production for over a year, having deployed our very first data product focused on blockchain based data distribution with strict permissioning and data replicated to client infrastructure. Our goal is to expand the business line to build on what we already have, create new products, engage on the various client interests, and explore the new space of distributed data networks - making the Assembly node a data hub, creating marketplaces for data providers and consumers, enabling real-time firm to firm communication of critical/sensitive data in a permissioned manner with privacy guarantees. The scope of this is better discussed in person and will be covered during on-site interviews. We are building a team of enthusiastic, skilled and driven professionals that can build reliable products and execute on the opportunities in front of us. See Forbes Article https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2019/05/30/vanguard-is-now-using-blockchain-technology-to-help-manage-13-trillion-in-index-funds/#462f96478dfe Job Description A Symbiont product engineer is responsible for building specific applications using our general-purpose blockchain platform. This involves working across the entire stack, designing and implementing middleware services, UIs, and smart contract modules written in our internal domain-specific language. The Data Management team is looking for skilled and enthusiastic developers to play a critical role in a small collaborative team that frequently experiments and rapidly innovates while also delivering stable products into production. This is an opportunity to build new types of data products from simple to complex in order to improve/replace existing processes, and to create entirely new/novel ones that are enabled by our blockchain technology. Customers of this business are typically large financial institutions and asset managers; this role will be expected to engage both internally and external to design features along with client technology teams while driving towards the vision and direction set forth. Product engineers are responsible for technical design, building and testing, and the continuous delivery and support of the products. Most importantly, we are looking for strong technologists that can articulate their thoughts, discuss architecture options and make their case for it, and work well within a team of similarly capable individuals. We are ~100 person company and continue to operate as a lean startup; each team member will have a lot of responsibility and impact. Culture Our work involves distilling theory into application across multiple computer science disciplines - programming languages, distributed systems, cryptography - to implement real world products. That being said, we are responsible for delivering on our product and business goals. So a balance must be struck between what is novel and what is practical. We operate in a flat organization and do so by giving each team member significant responsibility and autonomy; a high degree of personal responsibility is expected. We have leads within teams for work assignment and coordination purposes. We encourage people to ask for help, and help others where possible; this aspect of our culture improves efficiency for the entire company. We have an onboarding process in which you will meet every member of Symbiont and go through a set of steps to help familiarize you with our platform and our DSL. This is not overly formalized so you will need to do some reviewing of materials and exploration of your own as well. We expect everyone to be driven to learn and understand the nuances of our platform and the business domain. We expect you to learn a lot, be articulate and transparent about your understanding and experience - which further facilitates knowledge growth and sharing; this is not a place to seem knowledgeable. We build each other up. Everyone here has lives outside of work so we do our best to ensure a good work/life balance. It is important to us to keep our teams effective and happy. We also expect that everyone be ready to take responsibility for their work, team(s), products, and business and step up when the need arises. We have regular company wide updates (multiple times a week). We strive to provide transparency to every employee on the work happening throughout the company. Finally, we look to make this a great place to work for everyone - it is a bit hard to quantify this, but it is easier to see during our on-site interviews. Responsibilities Implementing smart contracts in our SymPL language (DSL) that run on Symbiont Assembly Implementing middleware and front ends that sit on top of Assembly (strong coding skills) Define (as a group and individually) technical architecture of products (prior experience is critical) Understand and implement deployment models and articulate pros/cons Continuous integration - standard tests and package creation Documentation work - some will be required (internal and external facing) Running and managing client facing Assembly networks (with help from Ops team) Converting product specifications technical designs (not necessarily documentation), then into good maintainable code Leading design sessions for work you are taking on - within the team and outside the team Understand the architecture of our platform and what it means for application development Required Experience/Skills Track record developing enterprise software and moving it into production Proven ability to architect novel systems from the ground up End to end SDLC experience Experience with product deployment - working with Docker or other containerization technologies Able to provide technical leadership and take constructive feedback from team Professional experience with Python, Java, C++, C# or similar languages Experience using and understanding databases Git/GitHub (or similar DVCS) Proficient w/ command line (Linux/BSD) Important Qualities Strong programmer (specific language is not critical) Good communicator Entrepreneurial spirit Enthusiastic about building experimental products Not afraid to fail (fail fast, learn, move on) Focused on problem solving Team player Nice to have Distributed applications development Experience developing front ends Experience with data delivery/management systems Familiarity with different types of financial markets data, esp. index data Expected interview process Read this job description thoroughly. Feel free to ask questions about it till you feel confident that you understand the role and can be a good fit. Be ready to speak about what resonates most with you, what interests you about this position, and questions you have. Submit your resume - it should be concise (please no more than 2 pages); please let us know what interested you in this position and your thoughts on the job description. Phone interview - 30-45 min call - We will provide a brief overview of the data management business line, talk about your experience, and finally your thoughts on the role why you are interested and would be good for the role. You'll be provided a take home exercise to complete - please be thorough, explain your thoughts and the decisions you made. This will be reviewed by a few engineers. You'll come in for an on-site interview and meet a number of engineers as well as product and business leads Be prepared to talk about one or two major projects that you've listed on your resume (the technical design and your contribution). These should showcase your technical capabilities. Pick a core concept of something technical you learned recently and be prepared to talk about this topic of choice with a technical audience and a business audience. This will be a conversation between colleagues. We'll be evaluating if we can have collaborative discussion and perhaps even learn something new on a topic of moderate complexity. Come prepared with questions to help you understand our company and the work we are doing here. These should help you evaluate us and how we are a good match for what you're looking for in your next job. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Symbiont", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "9A36AE804DDAA1ED641FB7DB9A0787A4", 
    "KeyTerms": "continuous integration, enterprise software, front end, python, github, permissioned, financial, privacy, cryptography, distributed application, blockchain based, docker, application development, containerization, java, git, smart contract, startup, linux, distributed systems, sdlc, middleware", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20node", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20node", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Symbiont hiring Software Developer (Product Engineer) - Blockchain - Data Management in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/software-developer-product-engineer-blockchain-data-management-at-symbiont-1857933587?refId=831c3c71-4983-4795-9728-f2a5334328f7&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
