{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Leidos hiring Logistics & Mission Support Operation CTO in Reston, Virginia, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "A2E5D692DAFF54FC4000FEF734296A59",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/logistics-mission-support-operation-cto-at-leidos-1936907548?refId=7a7b7e80-d1bb-4c9c-b2be-e5eb6e33be56&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Description Job Description: Leidos Defense Group has an opening for a Logistics & Mission Support (LMS) Chief Technology Officer (CTO) to join our LMS Operation team in Reston, VA. The LMS organization provides logistics support to core DOD customers through the use of people and technology to optimize and provide resilient logistics efforts. It also provides mission support through solutions such as automated security controls for bases and biometric matching systems for DOD mission capabilities. In this role, you will be responsible for overall Operation technical innovation, differentiation, and strategy to include technical solutions for priority captures, management of the Operation internal research and development (IR&D) portfolio, and supporting technical performance on major programs.You will actively participate in the definition and implementation of the long-term technology strategy aligned to the Operation, Group, and Corporate technology strategy, and the ever-evolving set of Operation, Group, and Corporate goals.You will meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-sound solutions.A key focus will be infusing technical differentiation and emergent solutions into the logistics, infrastructure protection, and mission solution offerings, programs, and captures. Additional Responsibilities Closely partnering with Operation management to ensure the Operation\u2019s technology strategy is aligned with the organization's strategic plan and is reflected in the business development plans. Manage, schedule, and maintain a team of Solution Architects, logistics experts, and technical SMEs as an enabling force across the operation and Leidos Bring innovative technical solutions into captures and programs, infusing new ways of executing or delivering customer value Consult with business leadership on potential solutions to problems. Be an active participant in the Capture Process to include writing and reviewing proposal material. Seek partnerships with strategic suppliers, renowned universities, and research institutions to increase learning opportunities, sponsor research projects that take Logistics & Mission Solutions Operation solutions to the next level, and where possible, showcase developing technology both internally and externally. Be the chief collaborator for all technical matters external to the operation and to any other organization within Leidos, and internal to Operation management and the Operation engineering leadership. Responsible for the development and mentoring of a set of mid to senior level technical staff. Required Qualifications Master\u2019s degree in Information Technology or Engineering field with 15+ years of relevant experience. Additional years of relevant experience may be considered in lieu of Master's degree. Prior experience should include minimum 10 years of technology integration experience. Detailed experience in leading large complex COTS integrations systems for federal customers. Experience infusing new technology into an existing domain to transform how the work is accomplished. Experience directly supporting or leading large acquisition capture and proposal efforts. Knowledge of, and experience with, DoD and Federal customers and industry peers. Strong oral and written communication skills, along with public speaking skills. Ability to influence and persuade others, as well as handle difficult negotiations requiring a well-developed sense of strategy. Ability to hire, mentor, lead, and promote talent. Significant experience supporting capture activities to include chairing/participating in Business Opportunity Gate Reviews, writing specific sections of proposals, providing preliminary technical guidance for solutions, and task cost estimation. Secret clearance is required 10% travel required. Preferred Qualifications Logistics experience/knowledge Experience working with DLA, military service, or other Federal Government Agency logistics organizations Digital transformation (primarily but not limited to AI/ML, cloud migration, automation, and RPA development) experience Experience leading large scale solutions for logistics or infrastructure protection Understanding of technology trends and their application to government solutions including but not limited to 5G, edge computing, IoT, blockchain, supply chain security, cybersecurity, and modeling and simulation Prior technical roles within organizations of similar size and scope ($700M and 2000 employees) with growing duties and responsibilities Active Top Secret Clearance or above External Referral Bonus Ineligible Potential For Telework Yes Clearance Level Required Secret Travel Yes, 10% of the time Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Shift Day Requisition Category Professional Job Family Systems Engineering Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here. Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.Show moreShow less "
}