{
    "Body": " Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That\u2019s Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers \u2013 and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Target Openings 1 Job Description Summary We have a unique and outstanding opportunity for you to assume a leadership role in Travelers Emerging Technologies development initiatives. Travelers Insurance Companies, recognized nationally and internationally as a leader in the financial services industry, seeks a 2VP of Emerging Technologies. This is a hands-on technology development role that identifies and develops the solutions of tomorrow. This is a transformative, collaborative and forward-looking role that will require your deep expertise and passion for creating solutions and delivering business value. This position offers a broad range of professional growth, challenges and career advancement possibilities. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities You will be responsible for researching and assessing next generation technologies that can accelerate and support the company\u2019s technology agenda, as well as exploring ways to improve the existing technology processes and challenge the status quo. You will develop and support a framework for emerging technology assessment and prioritization. Maintain an active backlog of Emerging Technologies, collaborate across the enterprise to prioritize opportunities and partner with business and technology groups to implement new solutions, while transparently communicating progress and status. You will rapidly develop new technologies solutions, applications of technologies and methods to assess the potential for adoption across the enterprise. You will engage with business units and technology teams to gain support of opportunities to leverage emerging technologies, including assessing and quantifying the potential benefits, and partnering to realize the benefits. You will act as a trusted advisor and thought leader to internal customers at all levels by evaluating and identifying appropriate technologies to deliver on the organization\u2019s objectives and grow the knowledge of Emerging Technologies. You will support and advance the strategic direction and priorities of the Emerging Technology organization across the enterprise, by fostering open communication and active collaboration with IT and business units. You will also engage with governance models for prioritizing and managing emerging technology investments across the enterprise. You will actively seek out and build appropriate partnerships and strategic relationships with external companies that are both established and InsureTech vendors. You will be a recognized expert internally and externally, building thought leadership for Emerging Technologies through active research and analysis. Stay abreast of changes and provide point of view on adoption of these technologies. You will lead, motivate and manage a highly qualified team of engineers through training, coaching, and skill development. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 8 years of experience in enterprise, application, and/or information architecture required. 5 years of experience managing others and/or technical teams. Education, Work Experience, & Knowledge There is a strong preference for a candidate possessing the following credentials and competencies: A degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math, 8+ years comprehensive architecture, advanced analytics, research, modeling/data science and relevant people leadership experience. Advanced degree Masters/Ph D in engineering, computer science, mathematics, applied sciences and 10+ years of relevant people leadership experience preferred. Proven strategic thought leadership and demonstrated experience leading innovation and delivering game changing technical solutions. Demonstrated technical and leadership experience in evaluating, developing, and implementing cutting edge technology and introduction of a new tools or methodologies that enable improved business performance across the enterprise. Demonstrated knowledge of industry trends and Emerging Technologies as well as the processes and infrastructures required to support them. Proven experience designing, building, integrating and delivering enterprise-wide solutions across all IT functional areas. Ability to manage multiple priorities, build relationships and work effectively with internal and external partners. Demonstrated strong collaboration, negotiation and influencing skills in a highly matrixed organization. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including experience creating and delivering compelling presentations to audiences inside and outside the company. Progressive experience in leading employees in multiple locations, and significant experience developing and implementing solutions. Strong leadership skills, leading by example, driving employee engagement through actions, and empowering employees to reach their full potential. Job Specific Technical Skills & Competencies A successful candidate for this opportunity: Demonstrates technical and process leadership skills within the organization, independently resolves conflicts, and develops relationships across the enterprise. Demonstrates strong hands on development experience and deep technical expertise in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Advanced Analytics platforms, Digital Platforms, eBusiness platforms, IoT, Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality and Blockchain platforms. Will be proficient in understanding and leveraging public Cloud platforms and services to develop applications at scale, including AWS, GCP and Azure. Possesses the ability to evaluate value streams and project portfolios to identify opportunities to maximize value and improve process flows with Emerging Technologies. Track and evaluate completed projects against predetermined criteria for success. Will research, evaluate and incubate next generation technologies. Continuously search and test new concepts and ideas for improvement, innovation and acceleration. Be able to evaluate current market and industry trends related to Emerging Technologies. In addition to the day to day management of Emerging Technology resources, will instill an entrepreneurial culture and adopt an entrepreneurial management style leading to focused delivery at expected quality and cost. Will manage collaborative relationships with vendors, partners and suppliers to support emerging technology initiatives. Exhibits a high degree of initiative, self-motivation, and creativity while functioning well in a team environment. Gains consensus, leads, influences, and ensures cross discipline participation and feedback. Environmental / Work Schedules / Other Minimal travel required Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. ", 
    "CompanyName": "HiredAllied.com", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "ACAD3C065F2FF3A1BD56D66C38A624EF", 
    "KeyTerms": "emerging technologies, virtual reality, blockchain platforms, financial, augmented reality, machine learning, artificial intelligence, cloud, consensus, internet of things, data science, collaboration, aws, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Hartford, Connecticut, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20public", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20public", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "HiredAllied.com hiring 2VP Emerging Technologies in Hartford, Connecticut, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2vp-emerging-technologies-at-hiredallied-com-1889427561?refId=90655514-5aef-415b-8123-b4dbe8aa5681&position=22&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
