{
    "Body": " Who We Are Looking For We are currently looking for a Senior Product Specialist/Sr. QA Engineer to perform requirements and testing of the Data Warehouse. As part of the Data Warehouse team, the Product Specialist/Sr. QA engineer will write, script, and execute manual and automated test plans for the new Charles River product. In this capacity, the Sr. Product Specialist/QA engineer, will act as an essential link in the project development lifecycle and will work closely with the Project Manager, QA Manager, developers, Business Analysts and other project team members. We employ 200+ of the top developers and QA professionals in the industry so this is an opportunity to work with a very senior team in a fast paced environment. Why this role is important to us The team you will be joining is a part of Charles River Development (or CRD), that became a part of State Street in 2018. CRD helps create enterprise investment management software solutions for large institutions in the areas of institutional investment, wealth management and hedge funds. Together we have created first open front-to-back platform -State Street Alpha, that was launched in 2019. Join us if delivering next generation infrastructure, us ingemerging technologies like AI and Blockchain sounds like a challenge you are up for. What You Will Be Responsible For Create comprehensive test plans with well defined, reusable test cases from business requirements and functional specifications documents. Execute software testing to include functional testing, system testing, regression testing, and performance testing. Record and maintain automated test script libraries for functional regression testing for assigned applications. Document software defects in an issues tracking system and proactively communicate issues with developers and other project team members. Participate in business requirements and functional specifications reviews early in the software development lifecycle process. Manages scheduling to ensure efficient and effective product testing; identifies and reports risks to project schedule and product quality and proposes new methods to control and/or mitigate risks. Generate effective status and progress reports to the QA Manager and project team members. Provide testing leadership for the projects in which he or she is assigned to. What We Value These skills will help you succeed in this role Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong partnership and relationship building skills. Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Strong problem solving ability Education & Preferred Qualifications 5 years + experience in software testing in a process driven technology environment. Recent experience must include hands-on testing. Financial software testing experience Solid SQL/Database skills ARE REQUIRED, SQL Server, Snowflake, and/or Oracle preferred Experience with Data Warehouse/Data Marts IS REQUIRED Strong ETL experience desirable Experience with the Attunity Data Integration toolset a plus Experience in knowledge of industry standard best practices as related to software testing. Experience in all phases of software application design, development and testing. Experience in creating test cases, scripts, use of automated test tools, testing client/server applications. Ability to translate from business requirements to technical testing solutions. Experience with full cycle testing including functional testing, system testing, integration testing, performance and stress testing. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong partnership and relationship building skills. Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. What We Do. About State Street State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we\u2019re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we\u2019ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients. Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You\u2019ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential. Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees\u2019 diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers Job ID: R-642619 ", 
    "CompanyName": "Charles River Development", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "AFC7220D082EA6E1295E497574FB2602", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, emerging technologies, data analytics, financial, functional test, hedge funds, etl, artificial intelligence, sql", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Burlington, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20functional", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "642619", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20functional", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Charles River Development hiring Sr. Product Specialist - Data Warehouse, Charles River Development, AVP in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-product-specialist-data-warehouse-charles-river-development-avp-at-charles-river-development-1845833229?refId=c0e938c5-e2d4-4726-80c2-cbc79c6f0c46&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
