{
    "Body": " Solutions Architect Architect technology solutions and platform with emphasis on AWS meeting business future requirements and strategic goals. Develop solutions architecture and blueprints for different projects utilizing technologies in compliance with Enterprise Architecture standards adhering to strong architecture principles. Leverage different technologies and industry solutions with the ability to decompose system into functional units, architecture building blocks, and design blueprints. The Solutions Architect will interact with Enterprise Architecture, Cloud CoE,, Enterprise Data, network, security, and infrastructure teams ensuring solutions are properly aligned, executed, and deployed meeting business SLAs and DR expectations with minimum service interruption. OBJECTIVES Collaborate with business stakeholders and technology teams to ensure the solution architecture is aligned with enterprise principles meeting business requirements. Must have the ability to analyze current state and architect future state ecosystem/solutions based on business strategies and requirements. Responsible for defining and reviewing various artifacts within the Enterprise framework such as Project Initiation Document and Project Deployment Document which are critical for Enterprise project approval. Collaborate with other Enterprise Architects to understand technology standards and enterprise architecture vision as well as articulate and defend proposed solution at the Architecture Review Board. Expertise in the design, development and deployment of enterprise-grade architecture that might include AWS cloud services, system integration, network, database, security framework, emerging technologies, and analytics; compliance with design patterns and asset reuse principles. Ability to learn new technologies, identify potential use cases, develop quick prototypes. Providing technical leadership to the application development team. Performing design reviews and provide oversights for system implementation and deployment. Ensuring that all application meta-data and business capabilities that they support are maintained in the Enterprise Asset Management System. Excellent verbal and written communication required. Technical/Functional (Line) Expertise (Breadth and depth of knowledge, application and complexity of technical knowledge) Deep understanding of current and emerging digital and IT technologies. Expertise in the areas of Application Architecture, Information Architecture,Technology Architecture, data management, and analytics solutions. Harvest enterprise IT platforms and emerging technologies to support business capabilities and strategies. Passion for innovative solutions and end-user experience. Leadership (Vision, strategy and business alignment, people management, communication, influencing others, managing change) Strong business acumen with knowledge of health care and retail operations. Providing guidance to other IT team members and business stakeholders. Strong collaborating skills and experience in people management and skills development. Decision-making and Autonomy (The capacity and authority to make organizational decisions, autonomy in decision-making, complexity of decisions, impact of decisions, problem-solving) Proven track record of making architecture decision that meets business requirements, while maintaining working relationships with all constituents. Anticipate the future and proactively plan and mitigate architecture risks (e.g. capacity planning, non-functional requirements) that impact initiatives. Interaction (The span and nature of one\u2019s engagement with others when performing one\u2019s job, internal and external relationships) Demonstrated success in the areas of global business and IT relationship, vendor management, and governance. IT Project/Program Management. Innovation (The required level of scientific knowledge, knowledge sharing, innovation and risk taking) Balance emerging technologies and risks through proper scoping, mitigations, and piloting. Harvest enterprise IT platforms and standard technologies to support business capabilities and strategies. Complexity (Products managed, mix of businesses, internal and/or external business environment, cultural considerations) Supporting PDT Functions in Americas, and Europe. High multicultural sensitivity in order to be effective. Ability to achieve results through remote collaboration. Requirements Bachelor's Bachelor's Degree and at least 8 years of experience in an IT, Engineering and/or Architecture role. At least 5 years of development or leadership experience in application, information, or technology architecture. Experience in developing contextual, conceptual, solutions architecture, data flows diagram, and database design including graph technology. A broad familiarity and understanding of overall IT landscape and ecosystem including but not limited to web, mobile, front office, middleware, back office systems. Familiarity with AWS services, agile methodology, JIRA process, CD/CI, and release management. Software skills and experience with AWS tooling (Lambda, DMS, RDS, Databricks, etc.), microservices, Microsoft technologies, .NET Framework/C#, J2EE, nodejs, MuleSoft, Informatica, etc. technologies preferred. Experience with business system (e.g. Salesforce, SAP, etc.) and web/ hybrid application, mobile development and life cycle management. Experience with AI/ML, chatbot/NLP, blockchain, RPA, Virtual Reality, IoT, or other disruptive technologies a plus. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Automated Systems, Inc.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "B3FB50727DAF633D13ADE99411C4BF04", 
    "KeyTerms": "emerging technologies, virtual reality, cloud services, network security, asset management, nodejs, remote, artificial intelligence, microservices, application development, cloud, nlp, internet of things, disruptive, compliance, collaboration, design patterns, j2ee, disruptive technologies, agile, aws, health care, middleware, jira", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Deerfield, Illinois, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls", 
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20node.js", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20node.js", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Automated Systems, Inc. hiring Solutions Architect in Deerfield, Illinois, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/solutions-architect-at-automated-systems-inc-1850565112?refId=af5ec0a4-c3a6-4652-bade-808549926827&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
