{
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Data Platform team builds and operates systems to centralize all of Coinbase's internal and third-party data, make it easy for colleagues to transform and access that data for analytics and machine learning, and power end-user experiences. As an engineer on the team you will contribute to the full spectrum of our systems, from foundational processing and data storage, through scalable pipelines, to frameworks, tools and applications that make that data available to other teams and systems. Responsibilities Build out and operate our foundational data infrastructure: storage (cloud data warehouse, S3 data lake), orchestration (Airflow), processing (Spark, Flink), streaming services (AWS Kinesis & Kafka), BI tools (Looker & Redash), graph database, and real-time large scale event aggregation store. Build the next iteration of our ingestion pipeline for scale, speed, and reliability. Read from a variety of upstream systems (MongoDB, Postgres, DynamoDB, MySQL, APIs), in both batch and streaming fashion, including change data capture. Make it self-service for non-engineers. Build and evolve the tools that empower colleagues across the company to access data and build reliable and scalable transformations. This includes UIs and simple frameworks for derived tables and dimensional modeling, APIs and caching layers for high-throughput serving, and SDKs for the orchestration of complex Spark and Flink pipelines. Build systems that secure and govern our data end to end: control access across multiple storage and access layers (including BI tools), track data quality, catalogue datasets and their lineage, detect duplication, audit usage and ensure correct data semantics. Requirements Exhibit our core cultural values: positive energy, clear communication, efficient execution, continuous learning Experience building data backend systems at scale with parallel/distributed compute Experience using data tools and frameworks like Airflow, Spark, Flink, Hadoop, Presto, Hive, or Kafka Experience with Python, Go and/or Java/Scala A data-oriented mindset Preferred (not Required) Knowledge of SQL Experience building API layers and microservices Experience with AWS, and especially EMR, S3, Glue, Kinesis, IAM Computer Science or related engineering degree What To Send A resume that describes scalable systems you've built Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "B4AB17242F4F6B8EEDD4EF5C5A5E099C", 
    "KeyTerms": "python, frameworks, scala, privacy, machine learning, sql, microservices, cryptocurrency, cloud, back end, java, spark, kafka, mysql, hadoop, aws, mongodb, postgres", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Redwood City, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20mysql", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20mysql", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Coinbase hiring Senior Data Platform Engineer in Redwood City, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-data-platform-engineer-at-coinbase-1557956364?refId=9750a702-0432-43c3-8772-f297017a9d3a&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
