{
    "Body": " Want to work on the team that was fintech before there was \u201cfintech\u201d \u2013 and which continues to win top global awards for innovation, quality, and service? Pershing Technology is the global leader trusted by other global leaders to ideate, innovate, and implement next-generation solutions for trade execution, clearing, custody, and a broad array of the critical technology services upon which enterprises from all segments of the financial markets rely. Our platforms rest on world-class infrastructure that supports portals and systems through which we deliver state-of-the-art applications that empower our clients to build their businesses and better serve their investors. By the numbers, we perform at a level and a scale which few firms can equal: every business day, ~USD 14 billion flows through our systems as part of an average of ~8,500,000 transactions and ~1,200,000 trades. We maintain the systems that handle this massive volume with 99.98% average monthly uptime; needless to say, risk management, resiliency, and security are our watchwords. We have developed a high-performance culture in which responsiveness and agility are tied to our commitment to serving our clients\u2019 best interests. Our flexible, open-architecture, fully-integrated suite of solutions are consumed by clients who want us to manage their technology portals, those who want to integrate our products and services with their own, and those who want to develop their own technologies and control them, end-to-end. From advanced artificial intelligence to virtual reality, from robotic process automation to blockchain, we\u2019re building the digital experiences through which the global financial industry will be transformed, and new titans arise The Pershing Architecture group provides solutions and strategies in the information security space, in particular around Identity and Access Management (IAM). These are critical to the overall security of our front-end products. Group Manager, Appl Development->> Manages a medium to large-sized or multiple small teams responsible for all phases of the systems development and implementation process. Provides analysis, design, development, testing and ongoing support for the client area application systems in an environment of diverse development platforms, computing environments, software, hardware, technology, tools, etc. Analyzes organizational needs for application development and interfaces with clients to ensure systems are developed that meet their business requirements. Oversees applications programming and analysis projects which include development, installation and maintenance of application programs. Leads analysis of organizational needs for development and implementation of applications. Interfaces regularly with clients and project managers to ensure that systems are developed to meet their business needs and specifications. Ensures the availability, integrity and stability of production systems by identifying appropriate resources to manage all systems and having a process in place to respond quickly to problems. Communicates and endorses strict adherence to development and quality standards and monitors adherence on an on-going basis. Communicates timely and accurate project-related information to relevant parties. Acts as an advocate for change management, encourages innovation and creativity in technology solutions. Recruits, directs, motivates and develops staff, maximizing their individual contribution, their professional growth and their ability to function effectively with their colleagues as a team. Manages one or more development teams. Contributes to the achievement of team objectives. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, advanced degree preferred. 10 + years of experience in systems analysis and program development with related supervisory, management and administrative experience required, experience in the securities or financial services industries is a plus. The Position Would Include The Following Responsibilities This is a new position for the Tech Lead of IAM in Pershing. It is for a hands-on leader who can own IAM and drive strategies and implementation. Understand, strategize, and lead initiatives around IAM, authentication, authorization, and other related components. Understand the Pershing products and how these security components are critical to their success. Understand the complexities of our current security systems Identify gaps in existing solutions and provide solutions Stay current with industry trends in the IAM space Lead projects and meetings with product owners, technology owners, business leaders, and senior management Work closely with onshore and offshore teams Troubleshoot, debug, and fix application and database issues Propose innovative and creative technology solutions Manage critical support items to ensure prompt remediation of incidents Document solutions using modeling, collaboration, and presentation tools Provides analysis, design, development, testing and ongoing support for the client area application systems in an environment of diverse development platforms, computing environments, software, hardware, technology, tools, etc. Analyzes organizational needs for application development and interfaces with clients to ensure systems are developed that meet their business requirements. Oversees applications programming and analysis projects which include development, installation and maintenance of application programs. Leads analysis of organizational needs for development and implementation of applications. Interfaces regularly with clients and project managers to ensure that systems are developed to meet their business needs and specifications. Ensures the availability, integrity and stability of production systems by identifying appropriate resources to manage all systems and having a process in place to respond quickly to problems. Communicates and endorses strict adherence to development and quality standards and monitors adherence on an on-going basis. Communicates timely and accurate project-related information to relevant parties. Acts as an advocate for change management, encourages innovation and creativity in technology solutions. Recruits, directs, motivates and develops staff, maximizing their individual contribution, their professional growth and their ability to function effectively with their colleagues as a team. For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers. Pershing provides critical business process, financial and technology solutions for financial organizations around the globe. We operate behind the scenes to power transformational change for broker-dealers, registered investment advisors, independent financial advisers, hedge fund and '40 Act fund managers and individual investors. We strive to be innovators, developing open architecture technology and financial solutions to support our customers' growth. We advocate on behalf of our customers and help them respond to regulatory reform and drive positive outcomes for our industry and investors. From our core business as an industry-leading trade execution, clearing and custody provider, we have evolved into a global multifaceted firm that provides investment solutions, forward-thinking technology-driven efficiencies, practice management and service excellence. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team \u2013 one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve \u2013 and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums. Primary Location: United States-New Jersey-Florham Park Internal Jobcode: 45305 Job: Information Technology Organization: Pershing Technology-HR06376 Requisition Number: 1913328 ", 
    "CompanyName": "BNY Mellon", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "B971EBFD2FDB4641B13EC11D5EAB68FD", 
    "KeyTerms": "risk management, virtual reality, information technology, financial, collaboration, hedge funds, artificial intelligence, application development", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Jersey City, New Jersey, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "06376", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "BNY Mellon hiring Group Manager, Application Development - (IAM) Identity Access Management in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/group-manager-application-development-iam-identity-access-management-at-bny-mellon-1857607637?refId=7e48080e-d416-4140-9aeb-3ac0ba395e1b&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
