{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tableau",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tableau",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Grant-Thornton France hiring Supply Chain Consulting Manager - Operations Transformation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "C79F2DBEC4A9BB9804C4FE4477D7C856",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/supply-chain-consulting-manager-operations-transformation-at-grant-thornton-france-1901031279?refId=322a11c0-49cb-48ee-b22f-f673a1ef243b&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Grant Thornton is collaborative, entrepreneurial and on the move. As part of a dynamic global organization of 47,000 people serving clients in more than 140 countries, we have the agility and focus it takes to be a leader. Business Consulting (BC) - Operations Transformation, Supply Chain Manager Grant Thornton's Advisory professionals are progressive thinkers who create, protect, and transform value today, so our clients have the opportunity to thrive and grow. Our advisory practice creates holistic solutions delivered by innovative, curious professionals who bring technical depth and industry insight to our clients. The Business Consulting & Technology practice transforms value. Our Business consulting & Technology (BC&T) practice consists of Financial Management, Strategy & Performance Improvement, Technology Strategy & Management and Technology Solutions. We help our clients achieve business outcomes, transforming their value to become agile, forward-thinking organizations that are ready for the disruptions in the market that the future will bring. Business Consulting Services protects value while driving growth. Our Business Consulting Services practice consists of Finance Transformation, Operations Transformation, Strategy & Transfor-mation, Digital Technology & Management, and Business Applications. The Supply Chain practice is a rapidly growing practice group within the Operations Transformation Practice that serves clients in multiple industry sectors, e.g. Consumer & Industrial Products, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Financial Services, etc. The six core solution offerings include Supply Chain Strategy & Transformation, Integrated Demand & Supply Planning, Strategic Sourcing & Procurement, Supply Chain Operations, Supply Chain Analytics & Visibility, and Tax Effective Supply Chain Management. Position Summary As a Manager within the Supply Chain Practice, you will help organizations proactively shape and implement their overall supply chain strategy and supporting initiatives. You will assist with the continued development of the solutions we offer our clients. Specific to client interaction, you will lead the delivery of supply chain engagements and work with chief supply chain officers, chief operating officers, chief financial officers, and other senior client leaders to demonstrate your supply chain subject matter expertise as we seek to help them implement supply chain solutions in support of their broader supply chain strategy and goal of creating value. You will also coach our staff as they work on engagements and progress within the firm. Essential Duties And Responsibilities Leverage subject matter expertise and prior consulting experience as it applies to our core supply chain solution offerings to lead the delivery of major supply chain transformation initiatives that will include process improvement, implementation of enabling technology, and organizational redesign for our clients. Perform engagement management responsibilities, including performance reviews, task delegation, project financials, deliverable quality review, and client management. Assist with the development of solution content, whitepapers, and/or other thought leadership material. Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization). Maintain a good working relationship with clients and work effectively with client management and staff at all levels to manage expectations, ensure satisfaction, and become a trusted business advisor. Communicate (verbally and in writing) externally with clients and internally with all levels of the organization to successfully accomplish objectives while portraying knowledge and confidence. Lead as a supply chain subject matter expert internally and to clients by regularly demonstrating thought leadership and creative approaches to solving client issues. Build on client relationships by building, maintaining, and utilizing networks of client relationships and industry involvement and communicating our value proposition. Manage and minimize engagement delivery risk by proactively identifying issues and recommended courses of remediation to engagement teams. Manage, develop, train, coach and mentor staff on projects and assess performance for engagement and year-end reviews. Motivate others to perform at maximum efficiency without sacrificing quality of the professional services delivered. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain Management or Operations Research, or related field. A Master's degree is strongly preferred. 7 plus years of related work experience with a minimum of 2 years in a similar consulting practice providing supply chain services. Multiple instances of client project delivery experience in at least 3 of these areas: Supply Chain Strategy & Transformation Integrated Demand & Supply Planning Strategic Sourcing & Procurement Supply Chain Operations Supply Chain Analytics & Visibility Prior implementation experience with supply chain systems (Oracle Supply Chain Cloud, ToolsGroup, JDA, Infor, Llamasoft, Ariba, Basware, Coupa, Logility, Arkieva, Kinaxis, NCR, Elementum, etc.) Prior experience with large scale supply chain transformation projects that were part of a broader ERP project. Supply chain related project experience involving the implementation of AI, IoT, RPA, Blockchain, or Machine Learning is desired. Supply chain certifications such as APICS CSCP. Six Sigma certifications preferred, e.g. Green Belt or Black Belt. Proficient data analytics and modeling skills. Experience with Tableau, Power BI, or other similar analytics tools and SQL. Excellent verbal and written communication. Ability to work additional hours on occasion in support of client sales or delivery efforts. Ability to travel as needed to meet with clients. Additional Information Travel that can range from 40% - 80% in any given week Approved office locations include - Charlotte, Atlanta, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Denver, Bellevue Benefits Grant Thornton LLP promotes a nationally recognized culture of health and offers an extensive array of benefits to meet individual lifestyles. For a complete list of benefits, please visit http://www.gt.com/. Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd., one of the world's leading organizations of independent audit, tax and advisory firms. Grant Thornton has revenues in excess of $1.7 billion and operates 59 offices across the U.S., with more than 590 partners and 8,500+ employees in the United States and at our Shared Services Center in Bangalore, India. Grant Thornton works with a broad range of publicly- and privately-held companies, government agencies, financial institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit, private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic organizations that pursue growth holistically - whether through revenue improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation. It is Grant Thornton's policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Requisition ID: 046597 Philadelphia, PA Philadelphia, Pennsylvania ",
    "Location": "Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Grant-Thornton France",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
