{
    "Body": " Graphic Designer - Medici Midvale, Utah United States Working for Medici Medici Ventures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com launched in 2014. Our goal is to change the world by advancing blockchain technology. Blockchain technology offers us the chance to replace fear, suspicion, deception and fraud with trust, confidence and the ability to connect and transact freely with all people. We\u2019re working to empower everyone, including the poorest, to participate in local, national, and global markets, and to eliminate costly intermediary industries and middlemen, and to help people connect directly with one another. Help us achieve these goals while working with a high skilled and personable team, with competitive compensation, in a fantastic environment at Medici Ventures. Working for Medici Medici Ventures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com launched in 2014. Our goal is to change the world by advancing blockchain technology. Blockchain technology offers us the chance to replace fear, suspicion, deception and fraud with trust, confidence and the ability to connect and transact freely with all people. We\u2019re working to empower everyone, including the poorest, to participate in local, national, and global markets, and to eliminate costly intermediary industries and middlemen, and to help people connect directly with one another. Help us achieve these goals while working with a high skilled and personable team, with competitive compensation, in a fantastic environment at Medici Ventures. Graphic Designer In this role you\u2019ll design visuals and product experiences for a wide variety of assets for bleeding edge tech companies. You work with a team to build design systems. You will assist with user testing and analytics data review. You will need to understand the nuances of human interaction with digital products, and interpret user test results, then design creative new solutions that yield better results. If it\u2019s your thing to create engaging digital experiences, rely on product testing and data to uncover problems, then design improved experiences sounds like your thing, then let\u2019s talk. What You Will Do Partner with the product teams to define problems & goals, map user flows, prototype interactions, and manage design expectations Execute in a fast-paced environment with ambiguity Assess product testing results and team feedback and respond with design updates quickly and completely Design elegant flows & interactions for a global audience Help define design system specifications and d esign and design within them Provide feedback to cross-disciplinary partners Assist with the creation of repurpose-able design assets and infrastructure Keep organized, well structured, design files What You Should Have Strong design portfolio containing examples of both visual and user experience design Effective and clear communicator and team collaborator Proficient in Sketch or equivalent design tool, Adobe illustrator, and Photoshop Proficiency with prototyping both Lo-fi & hi-fi experiences Have contributed on a team as a designer with strong collaboration Demonstrate experience sufficient enough to understand common software design and development processes, challenges, and needs Prioritizes quality results over convenience and ease Effective and clear communicator and team collaborator & and able to communicate design philosophy, reasoning, and decisions to teams. Demonstrate working knowledge of typography, photography, illustration, color and design Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced team environment Culturally aware and continuously interested in developing design skills to stay abreast of the latest relevant trends What We Hope You Have Proficiency in Framer, origami studio, protopie Animation skills 3d software experience Adobe After Effects experience HTML, CSS, and other front-end code. Physical Requirements This position requires the incumbent to sit, stand and perform general office functions. The incumbent may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202f This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law.\u202f What We Offer LEED Gold Certified 19-acre Campus & Global HQ Onsite Daycare Center 401k (6% match) Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Indoor Bike Storage Summer Party at Lagoon, Utah's largest theme park Employee Fall Concert (Past performers include: Neon Trees, Snoop Dogg and Bret Michaels) Medical, Dental, Vision coverage Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Life Insurance, Short and Long-Term Disability coverage Onsite salon services, massages, & auto-detail services Discounts on ski passes, cell phone plans Overstock Women's Network (OWN) Benefits vary based on location, position, tenure, and employee election What We Value Wellness & Balance Sustainability Corporate Social Responsibility Innovation Physical Requirements: This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates. This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Posted 3 Days Ago Full time R0004074 Who Is Medici Ventures Medici Ventures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com launched in 2014. Our goal is to change the world by advancing blockchain technology. We believe that by advancing blockchain technology we can bring the people of the world closer together. By eliminating the need for trust institutions to stand between us, blockchain offers humanity the chance to re-engage and connect once again as people. Blockchain technology offers us the chance to replace fear, suspicion, deception and fraud with trust, confidence and the ability to connect and transact freely with all people. More information at MediciVentures.com ", 
    "CompanyName": "Medici Ventures", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "FoundPosted": "3 days  ago", 
    "Hash": "C95CD83308CA240852A80792C4D17F86", 
    "KeyTerms": "css, fraud, collaboration, html, full time", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Midvale, Utah, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20html", 
    "Posted": "2020-05-18", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20html", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Medici Ventures hiring Graphic Designer - Medici in Midvale, Utah, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/graphic-designer-medici-at-medici-ventures-1865937874?refId=fcb2774f-e7b3-40a1-ab55-ec264e64cf3e&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
