{
    "Body": " Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description The work location for this exciting opportunity is flexible, and the selected candidate will work remotely from a home-office anywhere in the United States. Position Summary The Enterprise Architecture group exists to facilitate the alignment of enterprise capabilities with business strategies and drive efficiency and flexibility across the organization with consistent patterns, processes, and technologies. This position is a senior thought leadership position within IT that requires a mix of strong technical and communication skills to gain credibility and be seen as a trusted advisor by the executive leadership teams. This individual will work with leaders and stakeholders across the organization to keep abreast of business strategy and recommend & drive direction on initiatives, keeping them in line with our future state and drive value beyond the standard scope of IT/ Technology. The American Red Cross takes a pragmatic results-oriented approach to Enterprise Architecture and is seeking professionals that can contribute to growing an effective and pragmatic discipline with clear value to its stakeholders. The role requires someone who is adaptable and can span a spectrum of roles from the strategic to the tactical depending on the need of the moment. Responsibilities Working with leaders across the organization to understand business strategies, direction, and identify needs Leading or participating in enterprise vendor, technology, and tool selection Engaging with enterprise project and portfolio management processes to evaluate opportunities and provide guidance on initiatives Providing subject matter expertise and assessments to business stakeholders Capturing, maintaining, and publishing business, information, and technical architecture artifacts Development of reference architectures, standards, and guidelines leveraged across the organization Development of target architectures and transition plans Facilitating complex design and technical discussions, reconciling differing opinions and driving the decision making process Presenting architectural decisions and proposals to stakeholders to explain how business strategy alignment is satisfied Collaborating with solution architects, IT leadership, and delivery teams to ensure alignment with target and reference architectures, provide guidance, solicit feedback, and identify enterprise IT needs Proposing the development of enterprise IT assets and services for use across business units Performing in a solution architect capacity for large enterprise initiatives as and when needed Contributing to the growth and maturity of EA processes as the discipline evolves Monitoring key EA and technology trends and industry standards Act as a technology guardian to promote sustainable solutions and discourage poor choices Provide oversight, guidance, and contributions to help ensure project success Qualifications Education/Certification Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent experience Required Skills/Experience 10 + years of broad experience in the information technology with depth in sub-disciplines of business architecture, information architecture and application/technical architecture and breadth across all disciplines in a large global corporation. Management Experience: Minimum 5 to 7 years of staff management required At least 5 years professional Enterprise Architecture experience in an architectural or design capacity for 'large scale' mission critical, multi-tenant, multi-tier enterprise systems. Experience with Enterprise Architecture frameworks (TOGAF, Zachman, etc.) & Enterprise Architecture tools Hands-on expertise with a broad base of products, technologies, platforms, patterns, frameworks, and methodologies Experience with product evaluations and selection, buy-or-build Strong understanding of data management technologies (MDM, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Data Science) Strong understanding of Integration technologies including ESB, API Management and Service Governance experience Strong desire to keep up with emerging technologies such as RPA, Blockchain, Identity management Highly intelligent, conceptual, excellent judgment, and capable of analyzing business and management problems. Must possess the ability to arrive at sound and effective business solutions. Excellent communication and collaboration skills at all levels within the organization. Viewed as a highly credible thought leader by executive leadership teams that can drive value beyond the standard scope of IT/ Technology. Exhibits a high degree of technical credibility and communicates highly technical information in a simplistic and easily understandable way. Ability to negotiate in a dynamic environment mainly internally, at higher levels, and occasionally with external relationships. Assertive and proactive, decisive and tenacious with political wisdom and discerning judgment. Must have a sense of humor. Able to work both autonomously and with appropriate collaboration among other team members and senior management across a matrixed organization. Background with Medical, Biomedical, Blood unit data processing systems desirable. Strong knowledge of systems security, data protection, and data privacy. Adaptable to finding creative solutions for the American Red Cross Mission. IND123 Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee\u2019s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights ", 
    "CompanyName": "American Red Cross", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "CA0717B09970B3A01D31694C5AFE6613", 
    "KeyTerms": "emerging technologies, identity management, information technology, data science, frameworks, collaboration, privacy, data warehousing, business intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20identity", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "American Red Cross hiring Director, Enterprise Architecture (work from home) in Washington, District of Columbia, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-enterprise-architecture-work-from-home-at-american-red-cross-1870186836?refId=ac6a6b28-9b1c-40aa-a665-e92be94e1541&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
