{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20validator",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20validator",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "United States Department of Defense hiring EQUAL OPPORTUNITY INVESTIGATOR in Alexandria, Virginia, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "CA31DB7BD1E3C3B74345749A9C6787A8",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/equal-opportunity-investigator-at-united-states-department-of-defense-1931631371?refId=22b80ae6-b10a-4360-ba09-89b54b9ed1ce&position=11&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Summary This position is part of the Defense Human Resources Activity. The incumbent will be responsible for independently investigates complex Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) complaints, grievances, and other unresolved dispute cases filed by Department of Defense (DoD) civilian employees and applicants for civilian DoD positions. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities As a EQUAL OPPORTUNITY INVESTIGATOR at the GS-1860-11/12/13 some of your typical work assignments may include: Planning and conducting independent investigations of the most high profile, controversial and technically complex EEO discrimination complaints, and other unresolved dispute cases filed by employees. These complaints involve issues of discrimination and harassment governed by Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations 1614 and Management Directive 110. Obtaining sworn testimony through personal face-to-face interviews, fact finding conferences, telephone or video conference interviews, and interrogatories. Thoroughly researching and reviewing pertinent Equal Employment Opportunity Commission(EEOC) and Federal Court decisions and guidance.-Analyzing information based on models of analysis, i.e. disparate treatment, disparate impact, hostile work environment, failure to reasonably accommodate, etc. Performing conflict resolution to effectively resolve disputed matters and to effectively deal with complainants, attorneys, witnesses and managers/supervisors Travel Required 50% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 13 Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a U.S. citizen Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service http://www.sss.gov Resume and supporting documents (See How To Apply) Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation May be required to successfully complete a probationary period Work Schedule: Full time Overtime: Occasionally Tour of Duty: Flexible Recruitment Incentives: Not Authorized Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt Financial Disclosure: Not Required Telework Eligibility: This position is telework eligible Selectee MUST successfully complete training in Alexandria, VA. Once training is complete, may be permitted to 100% remote telework This announcement may be used to fill one or more vacancies. This public notice is to gather applications that may or may not result in a referral or selection. Qualifications One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 grade level in the Federal service: Conducting investigations, or fact gathering, that resulted in preparing a written report of the facts. Mediating and/or resolving issues such as workplace disputes, employment matters and discrimination complaints OR B. Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related.; OR You have some specialized experience as described in A, but less than one year; and you have more than one year but less than two years of education as described in B. You have computed the percentage of the requirements that you meet, and the total is at least 100%. (To compute the percentage, divide your total months of qualifying experience by 12. Then divide your semester hours of graduate education beyond the first year by 18. Add the two percentages. The total percentage must equal at least 100 percent to qualify.) You may qualify at the GS-12, if you fulfill the following qualifications: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service: Conducting formal investigations using a variety of investigative methods, determining such things as the documentary evidence needed to conduct the investigation, identifying witnesses, formulating questions, interviewing witnesses through sworn statements or testimony, and preparing a written report of the facts Collecting information and evidence from identified sources to support tangible employment actions Mediating and/or resolving issues such as workplace disputes, employment issues, and discrimination complaints in a federal environment. You may qualify at the GS-13, if you fulfill the following qualifications: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service: Independently conducting formal investigations associated EEO issues using a variety of investigative methods, determining documentary evidence needed to conduct the investigation, identifying witnesses, formulating questions, interviewing witnesses through sworn statements or testimony, and preparing a written report analyzing the presented evidence and testimony Representing serviced organizations at meetings or hearings related to EEO complaints or other similar matters Mediating and/or resolving issues such as workplace disputes, employment issues and discrimination complaints in a federal environment. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for the GS-12 or GS-13 grade level. You MUST provide transcripts or other documentation to support your educational claims for the GS-11 grade level. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable at time of application. All materials must be submitted by the closing date of the announcement. GRADUATE EDUCATION: One academic year of graduate education is considered to be the number of credits hours that your graduate school has determined to represent one academic year of full-time study. Such study may have been performed on a full-time or part-time basis. If you cannot obtain your graduate school's definition of one year of graduate study, 18 semester hours (or 27 quarter hours) should be considered as satisfying the requirement for one year of full-time graduate study. FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: Foreign Education Additional Information Re-employed Annuitant: This position does not meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at: All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement. Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs: This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position; Well qualified is defined as possessing the type and quality of experience that exceeds the positions minimum qualifications. and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/ Read more How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position. Competencies EEO Complaint Procedures and Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) Oral Communication Based on the results of this evaluation, you will be placed in one of the following quality categories: Best Qualified: This highest category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s), as determined by the job analysis. Highly Qualified: This higher category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that exceed the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s) as determined by the job analysis. Qualified: This lowest category will be used for those candidates that meet the minimum qualifications of the position, including all selective placement factors and appropriate quality ranking factor(s) and are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the position. Candidates may require extensive training and/or orientation in order to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive-hiring/#url=Category-Rating Names of the candidates in the Best Qualified category will be sent first to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Applicants in other categories will be referred in accordance with category rating procedures. Veterans Preference: If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are entitled to veterans' preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Qualified veterans' preference eligible with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category depending on the position and grade level of the job. For information on entitlement see . Military Spouse Preference: If you are entitled to military spouse preference, in order to receive this preference you must choose the spousal eligibility in your application package referencing MSP Military Spouse Preference. Your preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are claiming military spouse preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed below preference eligible veteran candidates and above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. To claim Military Spouse Preference (MSP) please complete the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist, save the document and attach it to your application package. Read more Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Secret Drug Test Required No Position sensitivity and risk Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk Trust determination process Required Documents The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. The Following Documents Are REQUIRED Your resume: Your resume may be submitted on any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement. For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the number of hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., \"HRS per week and month/year to month/year\" or \"HRS per week and month/year to present\"). For additional information see: What to include in your resume 2. Transcripts: College transcript (s), required if qualifying based on education for the GS-11 grade level. We accept unofficial transcripts, as long as they contain your name, the name of the school, the date and degree that was awarded, and the list of classes and credits earned. 3. Veteran's Documents: If applying using veteran's preference or under a Veteran's hiring authority you must submit the following documents DD214 showing character of service, SF-15 Form and VA letter showing final percentage, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty. PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK OR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility: https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/FourthEstateRequiredSupportingDocumentation-06-2019.pdf?ver=2019-07-22-131229-740 If you are claiming Military Spouse Preference, you must submit supporting documents with your application package. These documents must provide acceptable information to verify: you reside within the commuting area of your sponsor's permanent duty station (PDS); proof of marriage to the active duty sponsor, proof of military member's active duty status, and other documentation required by the vacancy announcement to which you are applying; and must meet all pre-employment criteria and be eligible for immediate noncompetitive appointment to a position in the competitive service. Documentation required: Marriage Certificate or License, Signed Self-Certification Checklist, Veterans' Preference documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, Statement of Service, if applicable), Transcripts (if applicable). Additional documentation required if previously held a federal position: SF-50s (e.g., LWOP, highest grade held, overseas appointments, etc.), SF-75 Information, and documentation of performance rating of record (dated within the last 12 months) For More Information: https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo.pdf Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.Show moreShow less ",
    "Location": "Alexandria, Virginia, United States",
    "CompanyName": "United States Department of Defense",
    "Salary": "1860-11/12/13",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
