{
    "Body": " Chronicled has established the decentralized MediLedger Network, which connects the pharmaceutical industry and runs mission critical processes. You will be working on the software that connects to and runs the Network. You will be building a cutting-edge platform using the latest technological achievements at the intersection of blockchain, cryptography, distributed computing and network protocols. The opportunity As Lead Engineer, Fullstack you will own a significant part of the solution that supports mission critical functions of the business of Fortune100 customers. You will lead a highly talented engineering team to deliver a user experience that will delight our customers. Our enterprise-grade, event-driven, microservices-based architecture will provide you with full control over the entire user functionality and will enable you to deliver the best-in-class experience for the end user via a Dashboard powered by a dedicated backend. You will make an impact by helping the Product Team to shape product decisions. What You'll Do Own the user experience of key Chronicled solutions Deliver critical components of the Dashboard stack of the Chronicled solutions, including the Dashboard Server, reusable React components and other backend microservices. Design and implement Dashboard-related services as reusable SDK to enable third parties to create custom functionality on top of Chronicled solutions Work with product team, UI/UX team, software architects and engineers to design easy-to-use user experience Work with the team to break down complex features into manageable work deliverables Execute development plans laid out with the Engineering Manager and Product Management Contribute to the technical documentation of applicationPerform code reviews to ensure quality expectations are met What You Will Need Experience with implementing enterprise-grade solutions Familiarity with event-driven architectures and microservices-based solutions Strong analytical and abstraction skills to identify elegant and pragmatic solutions Knowledge of formal methods to describe technical specifications and technical designs Proven work in fast-paced environments Familiarity with modern technologies and functional programming, such as JavaScript/TypeScript, NodeJS, React, GraphQL, Hasura, Apollo, Postgres, RabbitMQ and OAuth/SAML. At least 5 years of hands-on software engineering experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent experiencePerks At Chronicled we take pride in our Total Rewards Package which is available to all full time Chronicled Employees: Competitive Rewards: Comprehensive and competitive employment and rewards packages for all employees Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401, Gym membership, Commuter benefits, Employee Perks Program Equipment: Macbook pro and accessories standard issue. As well as a modern fully stocked office space with many amenities Daily Meals: Come to work hungry\u2014our healthy catered lunch options and ample drinks and snacks make sure your body and soul are always well-fueled. Location: Centrally located and easily accessible offices Flexibility: We believe flexibility comes in multiple forms. Freedom to express yourself with an open startup casual dress code, Flexible schedules. Best of all we have an unlimited vacation policy that allows you to get the rest and relaxation you need to refresh. Welcoming Culture: We call ourselves a family for a reason. We foster a fun and creative atmosphere where anyone can openly contribute ideas, feel appreciated, and feel empowered to be who they are. Fun is also highly encouraged! Frequent offsite team building events and weekly happy hours. Recognition: Respect and prominence due to work contributions, working on cutting edge technology. Our employees are celebrated and recognized for their contributions Variety: Opportunities to experience different job tasks, responsibilities, and project opportunities Workload: Challenging and fast paced work. There is never a dull moment in our Enterprise Blockchain Laboratory. Work Importance: The typical Chronicled team member has a bias for action. We do. We build. We step outside of the scope. We believe we will change the world. Control your own Destiny: Ability to influence others and control one\u2019s own destiny. Advancement: Opportunities to get ahead both personally and professionally. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Chronicled", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "D177CAC2D363B7837DF2F600AD8085F3", 
    "KeyTerms": "pharmaceutical, analytical, cryptography, react, decentralized, nodejs, full time, javascript, microservices, ui ux, back end, startup, full stack, code review, software engineer, sdk, typescript, protocols, graphql, postgres, functional program", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls", 
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20microservices", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Chronicled hiring Lead Engineer, Fullstack in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-engineer-fullstack-at-chronicled-1853118270?refId=079c1263-272b-4c52-9741-e0ca15df56d2&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
