{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20validator",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/externalApply/1931786799?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkup.com%2Fdetails%2F73924a5709a414f8dfcaae63c23ccf64&urlHash=706k&refId=22b80ae6-b10a-4360-ba09-89b54b9ed1ce&trk=public_jobs_apply-link-offsite",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20validator",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "U.S. Department of the Interior hiring Criminal Investigator in Washington, District of Columbia, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "D3FCE3189A2E7B5F024D2684F4222191",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/criminal-investigator-at-u-s-department-of-the-interior-1931786799?refId=22b80ae6-b10a-4360-ba09-89b54b9ed1ce&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Duties Help Duties Summary The Department of the Interior is devoted to protecting and preserving the natural resources of this great nation, including National Parks, Landmarks, and the well-being of communities, including those of Native American, Alaska Natives and affiliated Islanders. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities This position is located within the Department of the Interior (DOI), Office of the Secretary (OS), Office of Law Enforcement and Security in Washington, DC. Experience interpreting and applying public land and natural resource laws is a highly desirable attribute for this position. This is a permanent, full-time, career/career conditional appointment. Weekend and/or shift work may be required. Secondary Law Enforcement Coverage: This position is approved for Secondary Law Enforcement coverage under 5 U.S.C. 8331(20) and 8401(17). Previous experience in a primary (rigorous) law enforcement position, or equivalent outside the Federal Government is a prerequisite. Coverage is extended only if this position immediately follows service in a law enforcement position. FERS applicants for this position must have completed three (3) years of service in a rigorous position (AKS primary position) in order to continue coverage upon selection. Federal Law Enforcement Officer: This position is covered by the special retirement provisions for Federal Law Enforcement Officer (FLEO). Candidates without previous FLEO service must be under age 37. Employees subject to special retirement coverage for law enforcement officers must retire at 57 upon completing 20 years of law enforcement service under the special retirement provisions for law enforcement officers. If these 20 years of service are not attained at age 57, mandatory retirement is required upon completion of 20 years of service. This position is covered by Law Enforcement Availability Pay (LEAP). An additional compensation rate of 25% (subject to statutory limitations) will be added to the locality salary after successful completion of all mandatory training requirements. At the full performance level (GS-14), the major duties of this position include, but are not limited to the following: Responsible for independent planning, organization, accomplishment and presentation of the work assigned. Incumbent is expected to prioritize tasks and should expect that priorities and tasks may change unexpectedly due to emerging circumstances and issues requiring immediate attention Directs and coordinates law and drug enforcement and security activities, law enforcement response operations, and, employee/visitor safety and health, physical security management, and emergency preparedness and response. Oversees the administration of bureau internal affairs programs and related investigations. Conducts a thorough review of incidents involving the use of deadly force by DOI law enforcement officers. Develops Department-level policy for law enforcement, security, and intelligence programs, ensuring that policies comply with legal and regulatory requirements, reduce risk and liabilities Department-wide. Serves as the recognized technical authority on law enforcement and security policies and procedures within the Department. Monitors programmatic compliance to Department policies. Conducts reviews on the effectiveness of the law enforcement and security programs and practices within the Department and its bureaus. Maintains a close working relationship with bureau law enforcement and security program leaders, the Solicitor, and Inspector General. Serves as a Departmental point of contact and advocate for law enforcement and security programs. Serves as the principle planner for DOI's involvement with Emergency Support Function #13 under the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), National Response Framework, coordinating robust DOI law enforcement participation and engagement in the government-wide response to significant disasters and emergencies. Salary Range Information GS-13: $102,663 - $133,465 per annum GS-14: $121,316 - $157,709 per annum First time hires to the federal government typically start at the beginning salary in the range for their respective grade level. This vacancy may be used to fill additional positions as vacancies become available. Incumbent is a commissioned law enforcement officer and will be required to carry and use firearms in the performance of their law enforcement duties. Incumbent will be required to participate in firearms training and qualifications, as well as physical standards and training consistent with Departmental law enforcement requirements. This position is Special-Sensitive. The incumbent must be eligible for a Top Secret security clearance and approval for access to Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). This position is subject to drug testing. Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Occasional travel 1-5 nights per month may be required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 14 Job family (Series) 1811 Criminal Investigation Requirements Help Requirements Conditions of Employment You must be a U.S. Citizen You will be subject to a background/suitability investigation/determination You will be required to have federal payments made by Direct Deposit You must submit ALL required documents and a completed questionnaire Selective Service: If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service system, or are exempt from having to do so under the Selective Service Law. See http://www.sss.gov/. Qualifications Minimum Qualification Requirements: Medical Requirements: The duties of this position require moderate to arduous physical exertion involving walking and standing, use of firearms, and exposure to inclement weather. Manual dexterity with comparatively free motion of finger, wrist, elbow, shoulder, hip, and knee joints is required. Arms, hands, legs, and feet must be sufficiently intact and functioning in order that applicants may perform the duties satisfactorily. Sufficiently good vision in each eye, with or without correction, is required to read printed material the size of typewritten characters. Hearing loss, as measured by an audiometer, must not exceed 35 decibels at 1000, 2000, and 3000 Hz levels. Since the duties of these positions are exacting and responsible, and involve activities under trying conditions, applicants must possess emotional and mental stability. Any physical condition that would cause the applicant to be a hazard to himself/herself, or other is disqualifying. Driving Requirements: Applicants must possess a valid driver's license, or be able to obtain one to drive government motor vehicles. Selective Placement Factor: A Law Enforcement Commission is required, and the incumbent must meet physical standards to maintain commission. Prior law enforcement experience, as gained by substantial service in a primary law enforcement officer or equivalent experience outside the Federal government is a MANDATORY PREREQUISITE for the incumbent of this position. To qualify for this position you must meet both the selective placement factor listed above and all of the specialized experience requirements for the series and grade to which you are applying. Security Certification such as ASIS Certified Protection Professional (CPP) or Physical Security Professional (PSP) preferred but not required. Specialized Experience Specialized Experience Is Defined As Demonstrated Experience To qualify for the GS-13, you must possess at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Using the Incident Command System and the framework for a coordinated Federal response to security incidents, natural disasters, and national emergencies including experience managing both internal and external coordinated response initiatives on behalf of the Department; Conducting internal affairs investigations OR administrative personnel proceedings; Participating in drafting national policies, standards, guidelines, and procedures pertaining to the law enforcement OR security programs. Specialized Experience Is Defined As Demonstrated Experience To qualify for the GS-14, you must possess at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Using the Incident Command System and the framework for a coordinated Federal response to security incidents, natural disasters, and national emergencies including experience managing both internal and external coordinated response initiatives on behalf of the Department; Participating in auditing or conducting bureau internal affairs programs including internal affairs investigations AND administrative personnel proceedings; Developing national policies, standards, guidelines, and procedures pertaining to the law enforcement AND security programs. Additional information on the qualification requirements is outlined in the OPM Qualification Standards Handbook of General Schedule Positions and is available at OPM's website: https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/standards/indexes/num-ndx.asp All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Merit Promotion candidates must also meet Time-in-Grade requirements by the closing date of the announcement. Education There are no positive education requirements for this position. Education may not be substituted for specialized experience at these grade levels.Show moreShow less ",
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States",
    "CompanyName": "U.S. Department of the Interior",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
