{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20matlab",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20matlab",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Overstock.com hiring Senior Pricing Analyst in Midvale, Utah, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "D95AC8C266991534B181504557DB4C1D",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-pricing-analyst-at-overstock-com-1702321578?refId=951eae8e-51a8-41ec-896a-75b95a64255b&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Senior Pricing Analyst Midvale, Utah The Senior Pricing Analyst works in conjunction with the Manager of Pricing Analytics to handle the responsibilities of pricing analytics and price optimization through econometric models and pricing algorithms. Job Responsibilities Work with the Manager of Pricing Analytics to design, prototype, develop and execute econometric models for data driven price optimization techniques. Act as a self-starter by employing critical thinking skills and creativity to add incremental value to the company. Work autonomously and participate in complex pricing projects. Build, implement and maintain pricing algorithms on complex datasets. Design, run and monitor price tests to evaluate new hypotheses and new strategic initiatives. Design, develop and maintain pricing tools as well as Python scripts to improve/automate pricing processes. Analyze business data and identify pricing opportunities to increase profit and sales. Perform validation and testing of models to ensure adequacy and reformulate models as necessary. Study and analyze information about alternative courses of action to determine which plan will offer the best outcomes. Collaborate with other teams in the organization to ensure successful implementation of chosen problem solutions. Collaborate with senior managers and decision makers to identify and solve a variety of problems. Communicate data analysis findings to leadership and other stakeholders. Perform other duties as required and assigned by manager and upper management. Perform other duties as required and assigned by manager and upper management. Follow legal policies as directed. Job Requirements Required Experience Bachelor's degree (or U.S. equivalent in Economics, Statistics, Business, Information Systems, Mathematics, Supply Chain Management, or related field) and 4+ years of post-collegiate work experience conducting data analysis or PhD in a quantitative field. Experience utilizing SQL to extract and manipulate large datasets. Experience utilizing at least one modeling framework (e.g: SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB) Knowledge in statistics and mathematical concepts (e.g: hypothesis testing, regression) Experience creating and telling stories from data. Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance. Experience using Microsoft Suite Tools (including Word, PowerPoint and Excel). Preferred Experience Experience in the online retail industry. Experience building, implementing and maintaining pricing algorithms on complex datasets. Experience conducting price tests and utilizing statistical methods to measure the performance of new pricing initiatives. Experience automating analyses and manual processes via SQL and Python scripts. Experience designing, developing and maintaining Python scripts to automate manual processes. Experience communicating data analysis findings to executive leadership. Skills Experience utilizing SQL to extract and manipulate large datasets. Knowledge in statistics and mathematical concepts (e.g: hypothesis testing, regression) Experience creating and telling stories from data. Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance. Experience using Microsoft Suite Tools (including Word, PowerPoint and Excel). Education Bachelor's degree (or U.S. equivalent in Economics, Statistics, Business, Information Systems, Mathematics, Supply Chain Management, or related field) or PhD in a quantitative field. Who We Are: Just a few minutes from Salt Lake City and Utah\u2019s ski slopes, Overstock is an original resident of \u201c Silicon Slopes \u201d, one of the fastest growing technology hubs in the country. We\u2019re a passionate group of collaborative problem solvers and creative innovators, working on cutting-edge technology. From building award-winning retail applications (with amazing AR functionality ) to creating leading blockchain and machine learning technologies, each of us embodies a unique value and contributes a diverse perspective to the team. What We Offer 401k (6% match) Flexible Schedules Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership Development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Overstock Women's Network (OWN) And More\u2026 Benefits vary based on position, tenure, location, and employee election Physical Requirements This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202f This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Back to Overstock Careers Posted 7 Days Ago Full time R0003451 Situated just south of Salt Lake City, Utah, we are an original resident of 'Silicon Slopes,' one of the fastest growing technology hubs in the country. As a technology-based retail company, we offer customers a wide variety of high-quality products, at great value, with superior customer service. In 2018, Appy awarded us best retail app for our search features and product recommendations in addition to our AR functionality. Overall, we're driven problem-solvers and supportive collaborators. We value passionate, creative people who love and believe in the work we do. From our yoga classes and greenhouse to mentorship programs and onsite clinic, we pride ourselves on offering associates a strong work-life balance. We invite you to join our team of talented and diverse professionals! "
}