{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20backbone",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20backbone",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Project Executive - Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "DB6201F6216E092436210F1C7E0A9B7D",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Introduction As a Project Executive in Cognitive Process Outsourcing (BPO), you will help drive IBM\u2019s consistent annual growth performance by bringing your proven account management, delivery relationship management and business development skills. Imagine yourself working with a highly motivated, highly successful teams innovating with IBM\u2019s latest technologies, including IoT, Blockchain, Digital IX, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Process Automation, to deliver exceptional value for our clients. Be at the forefront of a company where we are changing how work gets done. Your Role and Responsibilities Do you have a track record of exceptional delivery, expanding executive relationships, driving innovative solutions? Are you excited to drive value for your clients? Do you enjoy working with new technologies and finding new ways to innovate solutions with your client. Then Read on IBM Global Business Services is hiring a Project Executive with subject matter expertise in Industrial markets and business process outsourcing. You will have the responsibility to develop account strategies, define innovative solutions leveraging the best of IBM technology and implement solutions that drive real value to our clients and profitable revenue growth for IBM. You will collaborate with the best resources in technology and business process outsourcing to advance relationship development in your assigned account(s). Relevant Experience Desired Demonstrated expertise in at least one of the following areas: Finance & Accounting, Procurement, Talent Acquisition and HR Services processes including best in class performance and leading practices Deep understanding of at least one of the following industries: Aerospace and Defense, Automotive, Chemicals and Petroleum, Industrial Products and/or Electronics First hand experience in the sale or delivery in at least one of the following relevant technologies : Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, IoT, and/or Robotics Process Automation Successful track record of managing account(s) relationships, growing revenue and profit and expanding executive relationships of greater than $10M in annual revenue and total contract value of > $30M Proved track record in delivering business process outsourcing arrangements, shared service development and offshoring You have a demonstrated track record of expanding client relationships including at the \u201cC\u201d suite level Responsibilities Include Manage the delivery of key outsourcing account or portfolio of accounts where IBM currently provides business process outsourcing services Serve as a member of the Cognitive Process Services (CPS) leadership team, contributing to refinement of business practices, development of winning value propositions, and assisting with offering development Deliver to /exceed Revenue and Gross Profit targets for assigned account or accounts and expand revenue and gross profit by through project change requests Seek out new opportunities within assigned accounts to expand IBM\u2019s footprint across our CPS capabilities Build client relationships and build a pipeline of additional opportunities within your assigned account or accounts Maintain business controls for pipeline reporting, delivery, and accounting in accordance with IBM\u2019s policies and practices Generate repeat sales at assigned client and support sales efforts of the practice Establish and manage trusted advisor relations with key clients Contribute to thought leadership and point of view materials aligned within a select domain Embrace wanting to be at your client locations with up to 75% travel Required Technical and Professional Expertise Minimum of 3 years experience in delivering business process outsourcing services as a delivery project executive or operations lead Minimum of 5 years experience in driving successful revenue generating business process outsourcing as a project executive or account manager Minimum of 3 years experience working in or with Aerospace and Defense, Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Automotive, Electronics or Industrial Products Minimum of 5 years experience in business process design, component business architecture implementing re-imagined business process utilizing technology and leading practices Demonstrated track record of selling incremental services at the \u201cC-suite\u201d level Demonstrated leadership skills managing in a matrix environment on-shore, near-shore and off-shore delivery resources Readiness to travel up to 75% Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise 10 years experience in consulting, preferably from one of the big four First hand understanding and or experience implementing one of the following technologies: IoT, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, or Robotic Process Automation First hand experience with Agile development methodology or Garage methodology Demonstrated thought leadership in a key component of business process outsourcing Proficient use of Microsoft Office tools About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. Show moreShow less ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/project-executive-business-process-outsourcing-bpo-at-ibm-1952969378?refId=0431adad-a5c1-4c7c-895f-f4cd203e8f4e&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Location": "Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States",
    "CompanyName": "IBM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
