{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/accessibility?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-accessibility",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "MSD hiring Director, Digital Supply Chain in Prague, Prague, Czech Republic | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "DDCFC9E95CD36CF0AF9926262BC1E771",
    "Url": "https://cz.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-digital-supply-chain-at-msd-1913608424?refId=2c360240-80d8-42a6-ac85-7ba7210c0d57&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-13",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Job Description In the advancement of our Company's digital strategy, the supply chain management (SCM) organization plays a critical role at the intersection of our Company and it\u2019s customers. To balance its compliance, supply, and cost objectives, SCM is deploying many digital capabilities and has been a leader in innovating using emerging and cutting edge technologies notably blockchain, internet-of-things (IoT), and artificial intelligence. To make large scale shifts in digital strategy, enablement and value realization, SCM has embarked on a multi-year journey and is expected to provide leadership as our Company defines and executes a corporate digital strategy. As supply chains become more and more patient centric and the proliferation of new strategic technologies enable greater degrees of sensing, intimacy and interoperability amongst supply chain stakeholders, focused efforts must be undertaken to align business strategies, technology advances, and people capabilities into a digital roadmap. The Director of Digital Supply Chain will be responsible for aligning a global IT strategy to the SCM digital strategy. This role will undertake the ambiguous task of advancing the digital agenda through its lifecycle. Initially, the incumbent will orchestrate the portfolio of strategic programs, on-going digital efforts, and experimentation within supply chain, then refocus towards the development and expression of a digital strategy, capability blueprint and roadmap. The incumbent will need to work across a broad and geographically distributed supply chain organization to understand both common, globally scalable needs as well as the nuances individual markets and channels have. Execution of programs, particularly IT delivery, is expected to be accomplished through a network of platform leads, the IT hubs in Prague, Singapore, Austin and Branchburg, as well as through an ecosystem of technology service providers ranging from small start-ups to large established technology and consultancy players. This network is formative, and so candidates with well-established networks and/or demonstrated skills in building networks are highly desirable. This position does have managerial responsibility for two employees and a fluctuating number of contract resources (based on program activity). As a leadership team member of our Company's Manufacturing Division IT\u2019s Supply Chain organization, the Director of Digital Supply Chain will also have as peers a set of (a) regional leads that will have keep the pulse of local problems and opportunities that can be considered, and (b) a set of functional leads that are focused on supply chain planning, distribution and logistics. In additional to delivery resources mentioned earlier, the incumbent will be required to build and maintain an IT network of country and site IT leaders for local expertise and execution as well as CSL\u2019s from within our Manufacturing Division IT and other divisions where digital efforts may have interdependencies or collaboration opportunities. Specific Responsibilities Include As a partner to SCM, participate the development of an SCM digital strategy and own the IT response/elements necessary to further the strategy Develop and oversee the execution of emerging technology projects, including the current portfolio of blockchain, AI and RPA initiatives and define a standard way of working to take capabilities from ideation to value creation, inclusive of sustainment Contribute to the formation of communities of practice around those emerging technologies that hold the most promise and have highest likelihood of needing IT talent build out Align with internal organizations tasked with identifying and evaluating Horizon 3 technologies to identify those that hold the most promise for SCM and charter experiments Network with external parties to influence the broader ecosystem as well as bring learnings to influence our Company's SCM digital roadmap Influence external groups, such as consortiums, Opportunistically influence existing programs to further a digital strategy Candidate must be a strategic thinker and have strong technical, analytical, communication, and networking skills. The ability to take complex technical concepts and communicate how they solve complex business problems to both technical and non-technical audiences is critical. Candidate must possess a strong passion for innovative technology but match that passion with a strong desire to realize value through application of these innovations to solve real problems. Ideally, candidates have previous exposure and experience with blockchain, IoT, AI, and RPA. Being comfortable in small scale, start-up-like experiences will also be important. Supply chain familiarity is preferred but not required. Education Minimum Requirement BA/BS preferably in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Supply Chain or equivalent Required Experience And Skills 10+ years delivery of IT services and solutions, with an emphasis on innovation Experienced in developing IT strategies, particularly those aimed at digital enablement and transformation Experienced in using agile methods to bring new solutions though experimental (POC) stages and subsequent MVP, scale up and industrialization Demonstrated ability to collaborate, communicate, supervise and coach across cultures, organizational levels and disciplines Demonstrated success in building strong relationships with client organizations and with technology centers Experienced with leading edge technologies and architecturesblockchain, AI, RPA with preference for application of these technologies to business problems Proven leadership and people management skills are preferred, along with excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills Demonstrated success at building and maintaining a network of technology partners, whether internal or external Preferred Experience And Skills Demonstrated experience with blockchain, AI, RPA, virtual agent, and IoT Ability to understand and align business strategy with IT capabilities and architectures and develop roadmaps to execute Knowledge of supply chain planning, distribution and logistics, commercial operations, order-to-cash, finance, and production operations and the integrations points across these functions Our Support Functions deliver services and makes recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the experience of working at our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security. Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA is known as \u201cMerck\u201d in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as \u201cMSD\u201d in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. We are a global biopharmaceutical leader with a diverse portfolio of prescription medicines, oncology, vaccines and animal health products. We are driven by our purpose to develop and deliver innovative products that save and improve lives. With 69,000 employees operating in more than 140 countries, we offer state of the art laboratories, plants and offices that are designed to Inspire our employees as we learn, develop and grow in our careers. We are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the world\u2019s biggest investors in Research & Development. What We Look For \u2026 In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth. INVENT. IMPACT. INSPIRE. NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions. If you have been offered a separation benefits package but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor. US And Puerto Rico Residents Only If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@msd.com For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement OFCCP EEO Supplement OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule We are an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran \u2013 proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails. Employee Status Regular Relocation: No relocation VISA Sponsorship No Travel Requirements 25% Flexible Work Arrangements Not Specified Shift Not Indicated Hazardous Material(s) Valid Driving License: Number Of Openings 1 Requisition ID:R59409Show moreShow less ",
    "Location": "Prague, Prague, Czech Republic",
    "CompanyName": "MSD",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
