{
    "Body": " Consulting Manager, Digital Strategy 1700 Broadway, Suite 1400 New York, New York, 10019 United States At West Monroe, our people are our business. We pride ourselves on bringing a different mindset to consulting\u2014and that takes a different approach: highly collaborative, flexible, and tenacious. Our people-first, highly collaborative culture is core to our identity. It\u2019s something we care about, and something we strive to enrich and preserve. No hierarchies. No siloes. No egos. Just smart ideas, and the drive to make an impact for our clients. Every day our clients rely on us to help them tackle their greatest challenges, by strategically deploying technology through a business-focused and industry-specific lens. We bring together both the right knowledge and the right approach, so that they can capitalize on opportunities and deliver real results. That takes the right team. And that\u2019s where you come in. Ready for the next step on your career journey? We are currently seeking a talented Manager for our Digital Transformation practice. You are someone with significant business and technology transformation experience. You are passionate about being a leader, a strategist, be it with your depth and knowledge on digital technology and platforms, or your strength in project delivery. You are what we call an \u201call-around athlete\u201d. You are nimble, broad technically and functionally, and thrive on the ambiguous challenges of a start-up group. We\u2019re looking for someone who can bring those characteristics into this growing team and help shape its direction, and help us celebrate the victories as the team grows. Our consultants work on complex programs, partnering with clients to deliver game-changing solutions in the most dynamic industries. Your West Monroe team will be comprised of our industry specialists as well as your technical and functional counterparts. Together, we work with client leadership to set vision, define strategy, and execute via project implementation to add the value that only West Monroe Partners can. You\u2019ll be part of a team that takes as much pride in how it grows -and how much fun it\u2019s having - as it has in the quality of the work we deliver. We enjoy our startup culture, and place high value in face-to-face time with our colleagues and team every Friday when we are not on client site. As a Manager at West Monroe, you will work closely with practice leadership to help set the direction for this growing team. What are we looking for? West Monroe is seeking consultants with experience in leading and implementing modern digital transformation solutions within healthcare, finserv, and/or energy & utilities. This position requires a candidate with strong business acumen, agile project management, along with technical depth to assist with solutions architecture for upper mid-market and enterprise size companies. What will you be doing? Lead West Monroe and client project teams in a hands-on capacity to understand current business and technology challenges Assess current state client technology environments and determine business and technology requirements Help to evaluate, recommend, and design transformative business and digital technology solutions Research and deliver POC solutions utilizing modern digital technology - including but not limited to: Data Science, AI, ML, intelligent automation, IoT, Blockchain Lead and participate in practice project proposal opportunities Translate business and technical requirements into West Monroe project proposals Write detailed work plans, project scopes, and cost estimates Develop methodology and best practices with the national Digital practice team Promote internal thought leadership in emerging technologies; including 3rd party partnerships, WMP go-to-market offerings, and collaborations with other WMP solution lines. Mentor and grow the skills and careers of our junior consultants. Identify strengths and opportunities for improvement to develop strong technical consultants and leaders. What You Need To Bring To The Table Minimum of 6 years\u2019 experience within technology and management consulting 3 - 5 years\u2019 experience in a project/program/engagement manager role in the following subject areas: Design Thinking Business Model Strategy and Innovation Change Management Data Science Intelligent Automation Artificial Intelligence Knowledge of one or more of the following technologies: Blockchain Cloud platforms - AWS, Google, Azure Chatbots Process automation Strong Project Management skills and ability to drive projects through to completion Strong verbal and written communications skills Prior management consulting experience is required Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, OR Equivalent Experience required Ability to travel up to 50% in a client-facing capacity Must be able to legally work in the US without limitation Ready to get started? Join our team and make an impact. West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer - We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law. ", 
    "CompanyName": "West Monroe", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "E9DCB167CE08A56D8ECACC3981A0238A", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, emerging technologies, information technology, data science, internet of things, startup, agile, aws, artificial intelligence, health care, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20information", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "West Monroe hiring Consulting Manager, Digital Strategy in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/consulting-manager-digital-strategy-at-west-monroe-1865115002?refId=d2b0f441-5218-4fef-b392-c301233bf8ac&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
