{
    "Body": " About The Role SWIFT is looking for a Key Account Manager, North America, to develop and manage long term, strategic client relationships with global transaction banks across North America. This position reports to the Strategic Relationship Manager and is focused on building strong and collaborative relationships with key contacts. The Key Account Manager is responsible for product and service coverage, traffic development and community engagement. Further, the successful candidate should over time develop a vision on strategic priorities for their accounts in support of their efforts to retain business and drive new opportunities. The Key Account Manager will also be a representative of SWIFT at conferences and strategic industry events and should develop a perspective on what is happening in the market The ideal candidate must have experience partnering with executives and a successful track record of influencing cross-functional teams to drive results for the client. He/She will also have specific experience working across the banking industry in a relationship management capacity. He/she will be pivotal in executing the overall customer strategy to drive new revenue opportunities, long term partnerships, and increased customer loyalty. You bring your experience and enthusiasm wherever you go, and you infuse them into the work you do. You have a strong sense of purpose. Your first instinct is to collaborate. You are passionate about your industry and technology, and you are convinced these have an important role to play in the world. You will be part of a truly global organization which operates in over 200 countries and is fundamental layer of the global financial industry. Based from our New York office, you will work alongside a growing team of 90+ colleagues in financial crime, marketing, sales, business and consulting. The SWIFT DNA is made up of people who are excited about being at the heart of industry change, delivering high quality services with trust and integrity. Responsibilities Execute long term business/commercial strategy for the banking segment and plan across key clients aligned with SWIFT\u2019s strategic objectives Identify and develop new business opportunities by establishing, maintaining, and enhancing long term relationships at executive level Deliver on sales quotas, targets, and overall revenue budget Research and analyze the strategic business direction and needs of US key banking clients to determine how SWIFT can best align itself as a product and service partner for all current and future business needs Maintain strong relationships within SWIFT, across regions, teams and HQ functions such as marketing, communications, and legal Gain and maintain market knowledge on disruptive technologies, the FinTech competitive landscape, innovation, etc. Primary location: New York Qualifications Qualifications Bachelor\u2019s degree from an accredited institution 5+ years of experience professional experience in Fintech, Banking, Payments, or Consulting sectors Demonstrable experience in sales and business development Proven track record of delivering on Sales targets Proven track record of leading solution sales, demonstrating strong mix of business, technical and product knowledge executed in a consultative style. Must possess strong planning, organizing, customer service, and presentation skills, along with the ability to develop processes and procedures to improve effectiveness. Polished presentation, interpersonal, and networking skills Passionate, self-starter with the drive to achieve and surpass objectives. A consultative and creative mindset The ability to think creatively and strategically about the future of the industry and the competitive landscape A passion for continuous improvement Insights and opinions across the Fintech ecosystem and new technologies such as Blockchain and DLT, AI, Regtech, etc. Ability to travel domestically and internationally Have experience in developing strategic account plans and the ability to develop innovative service solutions based on a deep understanding of the client to meet current and future needs. Subject matter expertise of US Payments (FED, TCH, Instant Payments, Card Networks), European Payments a plus (SEPA, Target2, EBA), BASEL III, International Trade, Correspondent Banking. Experience delivering financial messaging solutions to Financial Institutions, involving data integration and middleware technologies. Compliance/regulatory knowledge including AML/Sanctions/KYC procedures and standards Company & Department Description SWIFT provides the platform, messaging, standards, and products & services to over 11,000 customers in 200+ countries and territories. Our employees are the foundation of this success. SWIFT has a unique corporate mindset, where diversity, personal development and networking are actively encouraged. And we think you'll like our office culture, built around the way we work to achieve a healthier work/life balance. If you want to be part of our dynamic, multi-cultural institution with over 2800 employees of 75 nationalities, in 26 offices worldwide, then explore the vast opportunities, rewards and internationally competitive packages that are waiting for you here at SWIFT. Headquartered in Belgium, SWIFT's international governance and oversight reinforces the neutral, global character of its cooperative structure. SWIFT's global office network ensures an active presence in all the major financial centers. ", 
    "CompanyName": "SWIFT", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "F0502A1B78EE2F7A7BE538C350E97756", 
    "KeyTerms": "anti money laundering, kyc, disruptive, financial, compliance, business development, disruptive technologies, dlt, artificial intelligence, banking, swift, middleware", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20dlt", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20dlt", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "SWIFT hiring Key Account Manager in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/key-account-manager-at-swift-1875809095?refId=7b0d893e-830f-44af-b336-1ed1bf556746&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
