{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls",
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20tokenization",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "tZERO Group, Inc hiring Senior Devops Engineer in Midvale, Utah, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "F46DD8F94F7CB4D3271D2D57C067A0BC",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-devops-engineer-at-tzero-group-inc-1820198726?refId=5e04457b-d22e-411a-b1b7-1d213d7b5c03&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "Norwegian",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Posted by: Pat Giles Pat Giles Recruiting Manager at Medici Ventures Senior Devops Engineer Midvale, Utah Who We Are tZERO Group, Inc. is majority-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com and the global leader in Blockchain innovation for capital markets. tZERO is a portfolio company of Overstock.com\u2019s blockchain subsidiary, Medici Ventures and we are focused on the development and commercialization of innovative fintech solutions for capital markets based on blockchain technologies. We aim to completely revolutionize capital markets and positively address the inherent inefficiencies of Wall Street so that financial processes and investors are less beholden to traditional, institutional market structures. Since tZERO\u2019s inception in October of 2014, we have pioneered the movement to bring greater efficiency and transparency to capital markets through our proprietary blockchain and distributed ledger technologies. Senior Devops Engineer tZero is looking for a highly motivated Senior DevOps Engineer superstar to join the team in our Salt Lake City office. The tZero team is revolutionizing capital markets by enabling tokenization and trade of assets through next-generation blockchain technology. tZero is leading the pack with its cutting-edge technical expertise, track record of innovation and our focus on regulatory compliance. Our DevOps engineers ensure that tZero\u2019s internal and external services are reliable while keeping an ever-watchful eye on our systems, capacity, and performance. You\u2019ll have the opportunity to manage the complex challenges of building and running large-scale, fault tolerant, and secure distributed microservice based systems. tZero is committed to building a workplace that fosters inclusivity alongside productivity. We bring together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspective and encourage them to collaborate and think big in a safe blame-free environment. We firmly believe that our high-performing culture based on diversity, problem solving, openness and transparency are the keys to our success. What You Will Do Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services, from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement. Support services before they go live through activities such as system design, developing supporting software tooling, capacity planning, security screening and launch reviews. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity. Own end-to-end availability and performance of mission critical services. Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems. What You Should Have: Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience. Extensive experience working with Google Cloud, Google Kubernetes Engine, Docker, and Linux. Extensive experience with vpc networking, compute infrastructure, architecting, developing, and maintaining distributed microservice based infrastructure. Extensive experience with CI/CD pipelines building Java and Javascript container based services. Experience working on Cloud IaaS, PaaS or SaaS products. Experience with a general purpose scripting language such as Python or Javascript. 4+ years of solid day-to-day Agile / Scrum experience using Jira. What We Hope You Have: Google Cloud Associate Engineer certification. Google Cloud Professional DevOps Engineer certification. Google Cloud Professional Architect Engineer certification. Experience with Google Cloud Spanner, Cloud Firestore, and/or PubSub in production. Experience with Cloudflare, Gitlab CI, New Relic, Twistlock, Terraform, and/or Ops Genie. You\u2019ve read the DevOps Handbook, the Unicorn Project and/or Google\u2019s Site Reliability Engineering books. Experience with FinTech, security compliance, CIS, pen testing, container security / scanning. What We Offer: Paid Vacation Parental leave Onsite daycare center Onsite healthcare center Onsite fitness center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite salon services, massages, dental services and auto-detail services Onsite cafe and dining, coffee shop, juice bar, ice cream bar, and drink / snack kiosk Onsite greenhouse (providing fresh fruits and vegetables for our cafe) Overstock Women's Network (OWN) Medical (includes telehealth), dental, vision, pharmacy coverage Life insurance and short and long-term disability Pet insurance coverage Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Health Savings Account (HSA) Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 401k retirement (with 6% employer match) Financial planning Prepaid legal services Identity theft protection Tuition reimbursement Leadership development program and mentorship program Summer party at Lagoon (Utah's largest theme park) Discount portal (e.g., ski passes, cell phone plans, etc.) Easy access to Interstate 15 and Interstate 215 Conveniently located next to a UTA bus and light rail stop LEED gold certified 19-acre campus with basketball court and Koi fish pond Four story parking structure with EV (electric vehicle) charging stations Dedicated security staff with secure building entry Indoor bicycle storage Benefits vary based on location, position, tenure, and employee election Physical Requirements This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. ???Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates. This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Posted 30+ Days Ago Full time R0003823 tZERO Group, Inc. is majority-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com and the global leader in Blockchain innovation for capital markets. tZERO is a portfolio company of Overstock.com\u2019s blockchain subsidiary, Medici Ventures and we are focused on the development and commercialization of innovative fintech solutions for capital markets based on blockchain technologies. We aim to completely revolutionize capital markets and positively address the inherent inefficiencies of Wall Street so that financial processes and investors are less beholden to traditional, institutional market structures. Since tZERO\u2019s inception in October of 2014, we have pioneered the movement to bring greater efficiency and transparency to capital markets through our proprietary blockchain and distributed ledger technologies. "
}