{
    "Body": " What We Value The Global Head of Client Management is an executive level position responsible for managing the Client Management function and all associated teams globally across the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. The Global Head of Client Management will have overall responsibility for leading and overseeing the Client Management practice. The primary objectives of the role are to establish a world class, high-energy team that is focused on the retention and growth of the CRD client base globally with a heavy focus on client satisfaction metrics. This position has direct responsibility for revenue retention and client satisfaction associated with the CRD business. Why this job is important to us The team you will be joining is a part of Charles River Development (or CRD), that became a part of State Street in 2018. CRD helps create enterprise investment management software solutions for large institutions in the areas of institutional investment, wealth management and hedge funds. Together we have created the first open front-to-back platform - State Street Alpha, that was launched in 2019. Join us if delivering next generation infrastructure, using emerging technologies like AI and Blockchain sounds like a challenge you are up for. What You Will Be Responsible For Serve as the recognized leader of the Client Management business within Charles River and represent the function across State Street Manage and take responsibility for of the overall Client Management team Help drive and evolve the strategic direction of the Client Management function, taking into consideration such factors as industry trends, regulatory environments, client feedback, revenue opportunity and competitive analysis. Achieve Client Management revenue goals globally. Establish metrics to measure client satisfaction and set performance goals Successfully meet hiring goals across the client management practice. Ensure that all staff adheres to corporate policies and procedures. Review and assess personnel for compensation and promotion purposes. What we value Specific knowledge of the investment industry (financial instruments, workflows, major players, trends, etc.). Strong management background; ability to work both tactically and strategically. A strong leadership profile coupled with outstanding verbal and written communications. Superb business judgment and ability to think through complex business issues. Critical assessment capability \u2013ability to maintain a very high bar and drive excellence in work products, services, hiring, etc. Proven experience successfully recruiting and building world class teams. Prior experience either building or leading a Client Management Financial services industry experience Strong communication and inter-personal skills Demonstrable leadership qualities Ability to make tough decisions, to change and adapt quickly, while remaining focused on customers and executing business initiatives. Strong negotiation skills and the ability to influence internal business partners in a matrix work environment A customer orientation which allows him/her to solicit, acquire, and act on information from customers concerning their current and future needs, issues, and challenges. Experience managing a large portfolio of clients and building senior level relationships. Education & Preferred Qualifications Four (4) year degree in a business or technical field such as Finance, Mathematical Finance, Economics, Engineering, or Computer Science. (Master Degree preferred) Additional Requirements 15 years of executive leadership running a large Client Management Organization The ability to travel to client sites throughout the United States and Canada as well as the ability to work effectively when remote from clients. Travel of 50-80% is typical but may exceed that at any given year. About State Street What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we're making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we've been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investments research & trading and investment management to institutional clients. Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You'll have access to flexible Work Program to help match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential. Inclusion, Diversity, and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees' diverse backgrounds, experience and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you. State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Discover more at www.StateStreet.com/careers Job ID: R-639985 ", 
    "CompanyName": "Charles River Development", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "F831BD5EB9B18B2643F8EF47D5AA7477", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, emerging technologies, data analytics, financial, hedge funds, remote, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Burlington, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20strategic", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Charles River Development hiring Global Head of Client Management - Charles River Development in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/global-head-of-client-management-charles-river-development-at-charles-river-development-1737033959?refId=2c9780f4-0d9b-419f-9c84-c836ca8d4ace&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
