{
    "Body": " Basecamp Consulting and Solution is seeking a dynamic Cybersecurity Information System Security Officer who have experience supporting Federal Agencies with providing Security Assessment and Authorization and Authority to Operate (ATO) support. Responsibilities The successful candidate for this role will be responsible for Managing Security Remediations, personally handling implementation of Network Access Control, and acting as team lead and customer POC. Lead and manage security remediation team responsible for addressing specific security issues. Develop ATO package documentation including including but not limited to Systems Security Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, and Business Impact Assessments. Implement Network Access Control (NAC) solution to provide detection, aleting, and quarantine of new network devices. Implement Deny-by-Default configurations on NAC solutions to ensure that unknown devices are not granted access to interface with other machines. Must lead the team in the areas of vulnerability management, NIST, FISMA, FedRAMP, information security concepts, network, system, and vulnerability exploitation techniques and security system defense concepts. Should have a demonstrated ability to work effectively with Information Security tools in a large, complex, multi-platform environment. Manage and implement monitoring capabilities to notify administrators when new devices have been connected to the network. Identify and document necessary firewall configurations to enable desired routing. Design subnets and VLANs to implement network segment isolation. Manage and administer Ubiquiti wireless network access points. Experience with network hardware and software including routers, switches, bridges, firewalls, and other devices. Implement secure configurations for hardware and software, vulnerability scanning, remediation, and IT security principals in general. Must know how to find and exploit a vulnerability as well as preventative practices, especially in multi-platform environment. Develop ATO packages, document the findings in Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), present the documentation package to the Agency and address any observations made by the Agency to the documentation package Align ATO with all pertinent Federal mandates related to the development of an ATO including but not limited to the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), OMB A-130, NIST FIPS, and NIST 800 series Implement NAC solution that meets all relevant federal standards including but not limited to NIST SP 800-53r4 SI-4 (4)(18), SC-7(10). Must possess project management experience and experience with leading a team Qualifications Bachelor's degree required. Advanced degree preferred. CISSP Highly Desired Minimum five to seven years of experience in cybersecurity architecture, solution design and solution implementation Expertise in vulnerability management tools Experience with secure configurations for hardware and software Good understanding of IT security principals in general Very strong verbal and written communication skills (Critical) Strong customer service skills with internal and external customers Strong analytical and documentation skills Strong requirements elicitation, specification, and validation knowledge and experience Excellent time management ability. Excellent listening and empathy skills, with strong ability to develop consensus and buy-in; Self-starter with ability to work independently and flexibly, and collaboratively across all levels of associates. Ability to provide creative thinking, problem solving, and structure in designing the desired architectural data encryption state; Highly motivated, positive attitude with ability to work under pressure and balance multiple priorities. Established credential(s) in industry recognized methodologies and standard bodies of knowledge with demonstrated experience having implemented those in a live environment Strong problem-solving skills Strong verbal and written skills to interact with global teams and customers Must be able to perform assigned tasks with minimum supervision Knowledgeable with the following software & tools: SIEM tools, IDS/IPS tools, Microsoft Office Suite, and SharePoint Basecamp Consulting and Solutions LLC is a technology consulting firm that Federal agencies trust to advise, design, and implement enterprise information technology solutions. Basecamp is a certified SDVOSB, with staff with IT experience supporting federal agencies in providing complete solution for all things cloud, cyber security, infrastructure, and Program management. Basecamp is fully capable of providing direct client support either as a prime or sub-contractor. Basecamp has a proven track record and Client references for past projects is available upon request. We are specialized in Cloud and Digital Strategy and Solution, Cloud Computing IaaS, PaaS and SaaS, Strategy and planning, Agile, SAFe, Cloud Application Development and Migration, UI/UX, Enterprise Architecture, API, Microservices, ICAM, IAM, Threat based identity management, Identity Intelligence, Security architecture and engineering, DevOps, Blockchain, Cryptography, Data Analytics, visualization, Certification & Accreditation (C&A), Disaster Recovery DR/COOP, datacenter consolidation, web and application development. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Basecamp", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "linkedin", 
    "Hash": "F91643C6E11EB59AAA037A116BB08245", 
    "KeyTerms": "visualization, data analytics, analytical, information technology, cryptography, microservices, ui ux, application development, consensus, cloud, cyber, identity management, encryption, devops, agile, cloud computing", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "McLean, Virginia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20visualization", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "consensus", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20visualization", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Basecamp hiring Information Assurance Engineer in McLean, Virginia, United States | LinkedIn", 
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/information-assurance-engineer-at-basecamp-1842902658?refId=0aa4626c-d26a-4a27-a78b-7d202eec1b55&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click"
}
