{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptojobslist.com/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/affiliate",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/austin/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/berlin/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/blockchain-designer-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/blockchain-developer-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/blockchain-marketing-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/boston/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/chicago/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/community-manager-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/companies",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/crypto-analyst-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/crypto-trader-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/earn-bitcoin",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/hire-blockchain-talent",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/hong-kong/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/london/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/new-york/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/opensearch.xml",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/paris/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/remote/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/salaries",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/san-francisco/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/seattle/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/singapore/blockchain-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/solidity-jobs",
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/terms"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptojobslist.com/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Privacy Policy & Terms",
    "Hash": "7759EC14245F9B2EA5DCACDEB8C8F1F5",
    "Url": "https://cryptojobslist.com/terms",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25",
    "DomainId": "cryptojobslist",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Privacy Policy & Terms 1. Terms of Website Use These terms and conditions (\u201cTerms\u201d) tell you the terms and conditions on which you may make use of our website https://cryptojobslist.com/ any updates or newsletters issued by us (our \u201cSite\u201d), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our Site includes accessing, browsing, submitting contributions, or registering to use our Site. Please read these Terms carefully before you start using our Site, as these will apply to your use of our Site. By using our Site, you confirm that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use our Site. 2. Changes to these Terms We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes We made, as they are binding on you. 3. Changes to our Site We may update our Site from time to time, and may change, add to or remove the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our Site may be out of date at any given time and We are under no obligation to update it. We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions. 4. Accessing our Site We may offer the optional ability for you to leave us gratuities, but such a contribution will not be mandatory or a condition of accessing the Site. Our Site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our Site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Whilst you are in compliance with these terms, We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, revocable limited licence to access the material on our Site (but not the related object and source code) for your own private use, in each case provided that such use is in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our Site for anything else. 5. Intellectual Property Rights We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights (including copyright and database right) in our Site, and in the collection of material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our Site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these Terms, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. The trade mark \u201cCrypto Jobs List\u201d and any Crypto Jobs List logo is our property. All other brand and product names and associated logos contained within this website belong to their respective owners and are protected by trade mark law and/or copyright. Under no circumstance may any of these be reproduced in any form without the prior written agreement of their owner. 6. No Reliance on Information The content on our Site is provided for general information only. The fact that the Site may include information in relation to an organisation does not mean that We endorse or recommend that organisation. We may provide directions to tools and resources We think may be of use to you, but it is not intended to amount to financial, investment or any other kind of advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Site. Although We make reasonable efforts to update the information on our Site, We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date. We may arrange for or facilitate the display of advertising or other promotional material on our Site. That does not mean that We endorse or recommend the advertised or promoted goods or services. 7. Limitation of our Liability To the extent permitted by law, We exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our Site or any content on it, whether express or implied. We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: use of, or inability to use, our Site; or use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Site. If you are a business user, please note that in particular, We will not be liable for: loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; business interruption; loss of anticipated savings; loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage. If you are a consumer user, please note that We only provide our Site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Site for any commercial or business purposes, and We have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. Although We take all reasonable steps to keep our Site free of malware, We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it. We assume no responsibility for the content of websites or other information sources linked on our Site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. We assume no responsibility for any goods or services advertised or promoted on our Site. Any such advertising or promotion should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of the relevant goods and services. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. 8. Uploading Submission to our Site Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload a job submission to our Site (including submitting information in respect of an organisation), or to make contact with other users of our Site, you must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy set out at the end of these Terms. You warrant that any such submission does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage We suffer as a result of your breach of warranty. Any submission you upload to our Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your submission, but by making the submission grant us and other users of our Site a perpetual worldwide licence to use, store and copy that submission and to distribute and make it available to third parties in any media. By submitting any content to our Site you warrant and represent that you are the author of such content or that you have acquired all of the appropriate rights and/or permissions to use the content in this fashion. We accept no responsibility or liability for any infringement of third party rights by such content. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any submission posted or uploaded by you to our Site is defamatory, or constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy or other proprietary rights. We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the submission or accuracy of any submission posted by you or any other user of our Site. We have the right to remove any posting you make on our Site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the submission standards, or in some way not beneficial to the rest of our users, partners or clients. Any views expressed by other users on our Site do not necessarily represent our views. 9. Linking to our Site You may link to our home page or any sub-pages, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Site in any website that is not owned by you. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy below. If you wish to make any use of content on our Site other than that set out above, please contact us. 10. No Waiver Failure or neglect by either party to exercise or enforce any right conferred shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right nor operate so as to bar that exercise or enforcement thereof or of any other right on any later occasion. 11. Severability If any provision (or part of it) of these Terms is determined to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, that provision, or part, shall be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 12. Contact Us To contact us, please email us. Thank you for visiting our Site. 13. Reporting Intellectual Property Right Infringement We are not responsible for the copyright of any content that may be used on our Site which has been provided by users of the Site. If you believe any such content infringes any copyright or other intellectual property please email us with details of the content in question and the rights you consider to have been infringed. 14. Acceptable Use Policy To assist us in continuing to provide our Site in an efficient way, We require as condition of your using our Site that you adhere to each of the following points when using our Site. You acknowledge that you are wholly responsible for anything you upload or submit to our Site. We may without notice remove anything from our Site which has been uploaded contrary to this Acceptable Use Policy. You must not: Upload without obtaining the appropriate consents any personal contact information such as email address, phone number, street address, or any information that is confidential in nature; Attempt to use another\u2019s account without authorisation, or create a false identity on our Site; Create a user profile for anyone other than yourself as an individual person, or include in your profile any image of any other person; Submit any material which is unlawful or which is offensive, abusive, indecent, pornographic, or infringes upon intellectual property, confidentiality or other proprietary rights; Claim that you are associated with or endorsed by our Site unless you have entered into a written agreement with our Site to that effect; Republish in bulk any information derived from use of our Site; \u201cWhite-label\u201d or otherwise hold yourself out as the originating provider of our Site or any material or processes contained in it; Tamper with, disable or override (or attempt to do any of those things) any security component or process of our Site; Use any technical or other means or process means to \u201cmirror\u201d, \u201cframe\u201d, \u201cscrape\u201d, \u201ccrawl\u201d or \u201cspider\u201d any web pages or other services contained in our Site; Attempt to or actually access our Site by any means other than through the interfaces provided by our Site. An example of such other means is attempting to access our Site via software-as-a-service platforms that aggregate access to multiple services, which include our Site. Browse jobs by Role Remote Blockchain jobs Blockchain Developer jobs Blockchain Marketing jobs Blockchain Designer jobs Earn Bitcoin Hire Blockchain Talent Solidity jobs Crypto Trader jobs Crypto Analyst jobs Community Manager jobs Browse jobs by Location San Francisco jobs Austin blockchain jobs Boston blockchain jobs Chicago blockchain jobs New York blockchain jobs Seattle blockchain jobs Singapore blockchain jobs Hong Kong blockchain jobs London blockchain jobs Paris blockchain jobs Berlin blockchain jobs Hiring Blockchain Talent? → Post a job for $199 Partners: AirdropAlert Dapp University More partners\u2026 Twitter Telegram LinkedIn Reddit Instagram Facebook Jobs Salaries Companies Affiliate Hire Success Stories Blog RSS TermsFeedback & Support © 2020 Crypto Jobs List"
}