{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11188/customer-success-associate-live-chat/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11190/customer-support-associate-russian-speaking/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11191/quality-assurance-associate/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11193/android-engineer-lithuania/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11195/front-end-engineer-lithuania/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11197/senior-front-end-engineer-lithuania/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11202/senior-software-engineer-platform-lithuania/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11204/software-engineer-platform-lithuania/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=Lithuania",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&country=Lithuania",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=Vilniaus%20apskritis&country=Lithuania",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=Vilnius%20County&country=Lithuania"
    ],
    "LinkUrlMatch": "Jobs | Blocktribe",
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Jobs | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "07E6204C9E46EF6BF62EED0BD66ADCCA",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&country=Lithuania",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Blockchain Jobs Blockchain Companies Post a Blockchain Job Applicant Search Pricing Blog FAQs FAQ - Employers FAQ - Job Seekers How to get a career as a blockchain developer Log in Sign up Blockchain Jobs Blockchain Companies Post a Blockchain Job Applicant Search Pricing Blog FAQs FAQ - Employers FAQ - Job Seekers How to get a career as a blockchain developer Find Jobs 8 jobs found Refine Search Find Jobs Current Search Permanent Lithuania Refine by State Vilnius County  (7) Vilniaus apskritis  (1) Email me jobs like this Android Engineer - Lithuania Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Blockchain.com's engineering team is building technologies that are revolutionising the financial services industry by empowering millions across the globe to authenticate and transact immediately and without costly intermediaries. We are looking for an Android engineer to join our growing engineering team, to rapidly create, iterate and launch high-quality software that empowers users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while rapidly and securely scaling a distributed platform that touches millions... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Blockchain.com's engineering team is building technologies that are revolutionising the financial services industry by empowering millions across the globe to authenticate and transact immediately and without costly intermediaries. We are looking for an Android engineer to join our growing engineering team, to rapidly create, iterate and launch high-quality software that empowers users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while rapidly and securely scaling a distributed platform that touches millions... Front End Engineer - Lithuania Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Blockchain.com's development team is building technologies that are revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering millions across the globe to authenticate and transact immediately and without costly intermediaries. We are looking for a Front End Engineer to join our growing development teams in order to rapidly create, iterate and launch high quality software that empower users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while rapidly and securely scaling a distributed platform that touches... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Blockchain.com's development team is building technologies that are revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering millions across the globe to authenticate and transact immediately and without costly intermediaries. We are looking for a Front End Engineer to join our growing development teams in order to rapidly create, iterate and launch high quality software that empower users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while rapidly and securely scaling a distributed platform that touches... Senior Front End Engineer - Lithuania Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for a Senior Front End Engineer to join our growing development team in Vilnius to rapidly create, iterate, and launch high quality software that empower users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while securely scaling a distributed platform that touches millions of people a day. We want you to join us! WHAT YOU WILL DO: Build beautiful user interfaces across our exciting product portfolio, working closely with our designers through to implementation to best serve the needs of... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for a Senior Front End Engineer to join our growing development team in Vilnius to rapidly create, iterate, and launch high quality software that empower users all over the world. Ultimately, you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our fast growth and the rapidly evolving crypto ecosystem. Our development team is tackling some of the most interesting problems in the crypto space while securely scaling a distributed platform that touches millions of people a day. We want you to join us! WHAT YOU WILL DO: Build beautiful user interfaces across our exciting product portfolio, working closely with our designers through to implementation to best serve the needs of... Senior Software Engineer, Platform - Lithuania Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for experienced software engineers from a variety of technical backgrounds with a proven track record in building scalable, reliable and performant systems. You will play a critical role in evolving the core platform which drives our retail products. Our engineering teams are involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution and shipping. As a senior software engineer you should lead by example - driving the technical discussions, influencing the approach and making a positive impact on the team's development by advocating the best engineering practices. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Be at the forefront of the cryptocurrency... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for experienced software engineers from a variety of technical backgrounds with a proven track record in building scalable, reliable and performant systems. You will play a critical role in evolving the core platform which drives our retail products. Our engineering teams are involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution and shipping. As a senior software engineer you should lead by example - driving the technical discussions, influencing the approach and making a positive impact on the team's development by advocating the best engineering practices. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Be at the forefront of the cryptocurrency... Software Engineer, Platform - Lithuania Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for software engineers from a variety of technical backgrounds with a proven track record in building scalable, reliable and performant systems. You will play a critical role in evolving the core platform which drives our retail products. Our engineering teams are involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution and shipping. We are looking for software engineers who care about software excellence, are advocates of best practices and love learning new skills. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Be at the forefront of the cryptocurrency ecosystem building out new distributed software to handle our rapidly growing user base of 41M+... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for software engineers from a variety of technical backgrounds with a proven track record in building scalable, reliable and performant systems. You will play a critical role in evolving the core platform which drives our retail products. Our engineering teams are involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution and shipping. We are looking for software engineers who care about software excellence, are advocates of best practices and love learning new skills. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Be at the forefront of the cryptocurrency ecosystem building out new distributed software to handle our rapidly growing user base of 41M+... Customer Support Associate - Russian Speaking Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team and ensure the best user experience possible. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain.com's portfolio of products. WHAT YOU WILL DO: \u2022 Resolve incoming questions from incoming users via email and live chat succinctly, effectively and efficiently, with an emphasis on Russian language cases. \u2022 Document support issues, contribute to knowledge base (Zendesk), and translate support documentation from English to Russian. \u2022 Assist with payment checks and process payments when needed. \u2022 Act as a bridge between our customer success, product, and engineering... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team and ensure the best user experience possible. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain.com's portfolio of products. WHAT YOU WILL DO: \u2022 Resolve incoming questions from incoming users via email and live chat succinctly, effectively and efficiently, with an emphasis on Russian language cases. \u2022 Document support issues, contribute to knowledge base (Zendesk), and translate support documentation from English to Russian. \u2022 Assist with payment checks and process payments when needed. \u2022 Act as a bridge between our customer success, product, and engineering... Quality Assurance Associate Blockchain Vilnius, London Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team and ensure the best experience possible for our customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you will provide powerful data and insights to help track performance and document conversions based on customer interactions. Due to the 24 hour nature of our customer contact, you will be expected to work some evenings and weekends. WHAT YOU WILL DO: \u2022 Breakdown trends around customer contact, reasons for contact and peak contact times. \u2022 Track team performance and provide impactful reporting to help the CS lead manage performance within the team. \u2022 Identify key geographies for contact, products that drive... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team and ensure the best experience possible for our customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you will provide powerful data and insights to help track performance and document conversions based on customer interactions. Due to the 24 hour nature of our customer contact, you will be expected to work some evenings and weekends. WHAT YOU WILL DO: \u2022 Breakdown trends around customer contact, reasons for contact and peak contact times. \u2022 Track team performance and provide impactful reporting to help the CS lead manage performance within the team. \u2022 Identify key geographies for contact, products that drive... Customer Success Associate (Live Chat) Blockchain Vilnius, Lithuania Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Blockchain Exchange. customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain's portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media. This position will require flexible working hours and you will be required to work some evenings and weekends.The suitable candidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the English, other business functional languages are highly... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Blockchain Exchange. customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Customer Success Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain's portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media. This position will require flexible working hours and you will be required to work some evenings and weekends.The suitable candidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the English, other business functional languages are highly... Load more Home Contact About Us Terms & Conditions Employer Post a Job Search Resumes Sign in Job Seeker Find Jobs Create Resume Sign in Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn © 2008-2020 Blocktribe TM"
}