{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13833/senior-software-engineer-security-tools/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Software Engineer, Security Tools | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "0BF6C16EEAE5CDC86C5467A14B5CAF03",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13833/senior-software-engineer-security-tools/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. At Coinbase, maintaining a high security bar earns us the trust of millions of customers. They choose to buy, sell and store billions of dollars worth of digital assets in our products. As a Software Engineer on the security tools teams, you'll build automation that reduces the security friction that comes with maintaining a high security bar.?? The Security Tools team works closely with our customers (engineering and security teams) to automate security controls and security workflows, and to develop risk discovery tooling. You'll balance the role of being an individual contributor while anchoring new projects. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Design and develop tools to automate security controls and security workflows Maintain the development of our open source security orchestration tool, Salus Continuously improve existing security tooling to adapt to our internal infrastructure Accelerate engineering and security velocity by implementing against security controls and security workflows across our engineering organization Build and design risk discovery tooling leveraging our polyglot services and infrastructure What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution You know what high quality code and software engineering processes look like and how to foster an environment that creates them You are an expert in at least one programming language such as Go, Ruby, or Javascript You are passionate about building an open financial system for the world You built systems, automation and tooling on cloud services Design tools that solve problems in simple and scalable ways?? Nice to haves: You are familiar with integrating security automation within service oriented architectures at scale You are familiar with event-driven architecture and understand when it's the right solution You enjoy building tooling that solves security problems Experience working in a high security and/or highly regulated industry Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
