{
    "Body": " Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. Blockchain.com's data services team is responsible for building the leading Bitcoin block explorer and supporting services. We build the technology that allows millions of users access to the blockchain through our Explorer and Wallet. We are looking for experienced software engineers to join our data services team, to rapidly create, iterate and launch high-quality software that empowers users all over the world. We are tackling the most interesting problems in the crypto space, rapidly and securely scaling a distributed platform that touches millions of people a day. We want you to join us! Our engineering teams are involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution and shipping. As a senior software engineer you should lead by example - driving the technical discussions, influencing the approach and making a positive impact on the team's development by advocating the best engineering practices. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Design and implement highly-available, fault-tolerant distributed applications interacting with the major cryptocurrency networks. Build the data services layer for an Alexa Top 1000 website. Work on an industry-leading product with millions of users. Be a part of a dedicated team committed to stability and robustness. Build reusable, modular libraries for use across Blockchain's product line. Optimize existing systems for performance and scalability. WHAT YOU WILL NEED: The foremost quality for this position or any position at Blockchain.com is integrity. Experience building and launching cryptocurrency applications or infrastructure Good knowledge of the infrastructure and ecosystem of at least one major cryptocurrency - especially Ethereum or Bitcoin, but experience on any digital currency or blockchain project is welcome. Understanding of algorithms, data structures, databases and large-scale websites. You thrive on learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. An understanding of how all the pieces fit together ( front-end, database, network layer, etc.) and how they impact the performance of your application. You pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation and proper test coverage. Preferably experience in at least one JVM based language such as Kotlin, Java, or Scala. CS degree or equivalent experience. COMPENSATION & PERKS: Amazing and accessible office location in the heart of London. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. Unlimited books policy; order the technical resources you need or simply pick something up from our company library. Catered team lunch every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Apple equipment. Full-time salary based on experience and meaningful equity in an industry-leading company. London Benefits: Private Medical Insurance (BUPA), Dental, Pension, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. San Francisco Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Flexible Spending Account, Commuter, Life, Short Term & Long Term Disability. APPLICATION: Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to Github, StackOverflow, personal website and/or blog (if applicable). When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by one or more of the following subsidiaries of Blockchain Luxembourg S.A (each, a \"Controller\"): Blockchain Access UK Ltd. Blockchain (GB) Limited Blockchain (US), Inc. Blockchain (LT), UAB You may contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dpo@blockchain.com . Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller's recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller's behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses. Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. Email me jobs like this About Blockchain Our mission is????????????building an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Inc", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "10524A7E5AA66FD8474B4EF6A1FFC90E", 
    "KeyTerms": "algorithms, github, cloud services, wallet, digital asset, scala, financial, kotlin, privacy, distributed application, full time, cryptocurrency, cloud, ethereum, java, software engineer, data structures, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "London, GB", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11199/senior-software-engineer-data-services/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Software Engineer, Data Services | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11199/senior-software-engineer-data-services/"
}
