{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13804/associate-counsel/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Associate Counsel | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "13253A77CD3882C3B1D1C9FCA1283988",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13804/associate-counsel/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $500 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with offices in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. What you'll be responsible for: As Associate Counsel you will provide a full range of corporate and logistical support for the Legal Team. This position supports corporate governance, commercial contracts, financings, strategic transactions, and other cross-functional tasks. You will report directly to the Managing Counsel, Corporate. We are looking for someone who is self-initiating, team-oriented, capable of managing competing priorities, and excited to join a lean team that executes on a variety of novel legal issues. What you'll work on: Provide support to Circle's global legal operations Own and maintain corporate governance records, including board minutes, consents, equity documents, capitalization table, and third party contracts Prepare and file documentation relating to entity formation and maintenance Assist with drafting, editing, and processing of contracts and standard forms, and developing best practices for contract and template maintenance Manage the Company's global intellectual property portfolio and liaise with external and internal points of contact Assist with gathering information; review, summarize and analyze data relative to corporate and and regulatory changes and trends impacting the organization enterprise-wide Maintain the team's electronic invoice management for external providers Coordinate execution of signature pages for transaction documents, and provide other support for strategic transactions including due diligence as needed What you'll bring to Circle: Undergraduate and law degrees; active membership in at least one U.S. state bar At least 1 year of experience. Experience in corporate governance and/or commercial contracts preferred You're obsessively organized, with a creative problem-solving edge You maintain an energetic and positive attitude, especially under pressure You have an ability to prioritize conflicting needs and proactively follow up, often under tight deadlines You exercise discretion with highly confidential business information You're fluent with Microsoft Office products and Google Apps We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "USDC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
