{
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Identity Team plays a critical role in executing on that vision-our mission is to swiftly and accurately answer the questions \"who is this customer?\" (i.e. authentication) and \"is this customer who they say they are?\" (i.e. verification). We pursue hard engineering problems like secure user authentication, ID document verification and biometric identity verification, with a focus on building a secure and frictionless user experience. This is where you come in-you'll work closely with design, product, compliance, fraud, security, customer success, and mobile teams to build the Identity frontend that will help onboard our next 100 million customers to Coinbase.com. If you're excited by the problem spaces of designing and delivering engaging user experiences, and building trustworthy financial systems, we should talk! A little about our team: we're a full-stack team with experts in frontend, backend and product and we take efficient execution to heart. We are a small team and you will have a lot of ownership over the product and a substantial impact on our success! We are thoughtful about code quality, testing and architecture, we push code to production confidently multiple times a day and have great monitoring, alerting and debugging tools for production. We value positive energy, continuous learning, and clear communication and are committed to building an inclusive environment for people from every background. What you'll be doing: Help define a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our Identity frontend (e.g. authentication, two-factor setup, identity verification) Create trustworthy user experiences by building interfaces that are simple, easy to comprehend, performant and reliable Build, test and ship new user-facing Identity experiences in modern tools like React, ES6, Flow, Styled Components, Jest and Webpack Help turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter by working with engineers, product managers and senior leadership Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction What we look for in you: You have 3+ years of experience in software engineering You have 2+ years of experience in developing web apps with JavaScript and modern, component-based JS frameworks like React You're familiar with product and design lifecycles, and collaborating closely with designers and product managers You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers You're comfortable with identifying and fixing performance bottlenecks You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California . By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "General", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "16660E1331FBCD0534E5019CC6A11642", 
    "KeyTerms": "front end, wallet, frameworks, financial, product manager, privacy, react, javascript, cryptocurrency, ethereum, back end, webpack, compliance, fraud, js frameworks, software engineer, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14211/frontend-engineer-consumer/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Frontend Engineer, Consumer | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14211/frontend-engineer-consumer/"
}
