{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We're looking for a Technical Program Manager to join the Strategic Programs team within the Product Organization. You will be responsible for the execution and success of multiple programs that are critical to Coinbase's product strategy. What You'll Be Doing (i.e., Job Duties)???????????? Oversee large scale projects that are highly technical???????????? & cross functional in nature Ensure cross functional alignment of goals & execution of release schedules for product initiatives Be accountable for roadmap delivery including adoption and success criteria as defined by your stakeholders Collaborate with external & internal stakeholders (Data Science, Product, Compliance, Marketing, Customer Experience, Engineering etc) to gather business requirements and define objectives Manage requirements documentation, milestone mapping, prioritization, and communication to facilitate project collaboration & executive readouts Create thorough functional specs, project / release plans, and roadmaps Monitor program status and rapidly identify issues / risks. Succinctly communicate issues to relevant stakeholders and proactively collaborate to ensure timely resolution Example programs you may project manage include: Launching Coinbase in a new market, working with Product to ship a new payment rail, digital asset, strategic initiative, or executing successful product content & Earn campaigns. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) 4+ years of relevant engineering experience???????????? 3 - 7+ years???????????? of technical program management experience at a technology company and/or in a technical capacity. Enjoy solving???????????? hard problems and can turn incomplete, conflicting, or ambiguous inputs into action plans Ability to communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders inorder to drive alignement Ability to leverage data to inform and support critical decisions and make recommendations Prior experience working on global projects, or in an international setting Able to manage multiple stakeholders and priorities simultaneously Nice to haves ???????????? Certification in Program Management or Project Management. You are knowledgeable and passionate about cryptocurrency and blockchain. Experience with Payments, Financial Services, Regulatory or Compliance initiatives Advanced understanding of Google apps, JIRA, Looker, Tableau, SQL ???????????? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "General", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "16A8F004F3BD22F3A7A30867199D0CEA", 
    "KeyTerms": "wallet, digital asset, financial, privacy, sql, cryptocurrency, ethereum, tableau, data science, compliance, collaboration, bitcoin, jira", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14040/technical-program-manager-strategic-programs-strategic-programs/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Technical Program Manager, Strategic Programs, Strategic Programs | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14040/technical-program-manager-strategic-programs-strategic-programs/"
}
