{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=3",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13473/senior-fullstack-engineer-custom-applications/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=3",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Fullstack Engineer, Custom Applications | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "17DDE55BB5FF7DD280FAE31553F4152F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13473/senior-fullstack-engineer-custom-applications/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-08",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are looking for an experienced Fullstack Software Engineer to lead and drive capabilities for our Finance, HR, Sales or Support Engineering team in IT.?? A passion for engineering practices like product quality, CI/CD and agile adoption, is a must, from day one.?? The Fullstack Engineer will be responsible for development work in various platforms. The role will report to the Senior Manager of Integrations, Data, Analytics (EAA). The growing Enterprise Applications and Architecture (EAA) team is based in San Francisco, CA, with a global presence in other offices. We have an extensive portfolio of world-class implementations of NetSuite, Anaplan, Coupa, Workday, SFDC and Mulesoft to help our Company scale.?? The successful candidate must have significant previous experience in similar roles, in rapidly growing organizations. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Design, build and maintain custom backend/frontend applications and services in the domains of Finance, HR, Sales, Support that integrate with best-in-class enterprise systems. Work with engineering managers, product managers, and designers to turn vision into a functional software for our stakeholders every quarter. Act as an owner where you will be involved?? in all stages of the application from inception through support. Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our home-grown enterprise systems. Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): You've worked with Front End: React, JavaScript; Back End: Golang, Ruby, Rails, Angular and Databases: Redshift, Postgres, Snowflake, Devops: Docker, AWS, CircleCI, Pagerduty and developed custom enterprise systems You have at least 5 years of experience in software engineering Computer Science degree or equivalent education Proven record of building security-led highly reliable systems, meeting non-functional requirements (availability, scalability, supportability, interoperability) Nice to haves: You are familiar with SDLC practices like agile/scrum Enjoy uncertainty and changing requirements in a fast-paced & high-growth environment Passionate about the crypto economy.?? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Analytics",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
