{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13773/technical-product-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Technical Product Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "19F1108D180403FDA27696C73942B51F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13773/technical-product-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Job Summary Broctagon is hiring a Blockchain Product Manager to manage remote team and vendors to bring new product to market with speed. You will guide our product strategy, form a remote team or vendors to manage our product development and release process, and work closely with our managing director, designers, sales and marketing team to build a great product. Job Responsibilities Design and hire into a product team structure that will make the product delivery process bug-free Work closely with sales and marketing team to ensure product yields maximum returns and acquisition Responsible for building and managing the product team and external vendors. Define product vision and create an execution plan to bring it to life. Fully own the strategic roadmap, from creation to implementation, to measuring success. Aggressively identify opportunities for improvement and incorporate new product features on an on-going basis. Deeply understand our customer base to build the best tool to serve creators. Stay up to date on market trends, creator needs and opportunities. Define and implement processes that allow engineers to bring the most value to our customers, leading to a delightful overall customer experience. Work closely with the sales and marketing team to actively promote each feature and achieve adoption and maximize return. Maintain a strong eye for detail to ensure a high level of quality throughout the application. Establish metrics to measure the team\u2019s effectiveness and drive improvements. Lead product ideation, product testing, launch, end-user training, and rollout Manage the product backlog through continuous prioritization Communicate regularly with our customers and partners?? Job Requirements Relevant years of experience working as a product manager at a software company Experienced in hiring and managing remote team, freelancer and external vendor Played a key role in at least 3 blockchain project and can detail how their product significantly impacted customer and company growth Ability to articulate a structured product management and launch framework Has managed a product that has launched multiple iterations quickly and with meaningful results Loves to showcase advanced technology to sophisticated customers Wants to work on a team with other high-performing peers Be an expert in using metrics to make decisions and drive direction Pay attention to details, have an eye for beautiful design, and love creating a gorgeous product. Be autonomous, self-driven Experience with roadmap prioritization in an Agile environment (Scrum, sprints) Problem-solving and analytical experience Ability to juggle multiple projects and tasks. Demonstrated knowledge of project management concepts and techniques required Must have the ability to make decisions and recommendations on technology strategies Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders in sales, marketing and other business areas as well as with technical teams Creative and comfortable with ambiguity, exploration and iteration under pressure Empathy for our users and ability to balance the roadmap across internal and customer personas Ability to analyze data and articulate user hypotheses in terms of objective measures, and project KPI impact of new features AWS Certificated, eg. AWS Solutions Architect Associate Email me jobs like this About Broctagon Broctagon is a fintech solutions provider specializing in brokerage, blockchain and liquidity solutions, offering complete turnkey brokerage solutions, end-to-end blockchain services and deep institutional multi-asset liquidity. Headquartered in Singapore, Broctagon merges its deep roots in traditional finance with blockchain technology, with us being the exclusive technology partner for the Gibraltar Blockchain Exchange (GBX), a blockchain initiative in association with the Gibraltar Government. With a strong presence in 6 countries, Broctagon has a combined strength of over 300 employees. In 2017, Broctagon garnered more than USD 100 million in net profits. Mission: Our company offers the flexibility of a start-up, perfectly synergised with the seasoned experience of being industry pioneers in innovation and technology. We believe in having autonomy and ownership of your projects, while growing alongside your peers, to create a holistic learning journey. We are committed towards cultivating the personal growth of every member in the Broctagon Family, with a continual strive towards achieving a fruitful career path for all talents the moment they come onboard. If you have the heart to push personal boundaries and break new ground, we have the resources and tools to make it happen. In Broctagon, we ask for highly committed individuals, which is why we give so much in return. In addition to your competitive salary package with Annual Wage Supplement (AWS) + Variable Bonus, we\u2019ll shower you with ATTRACTIVE PERKS in these areas: Dress Code: Be comfortable at work with smart casual attire Location: Our highly accessible central office location right in the heart of the CBD Love & Care: Comprehensive coverage on clinical, hospitalisation and wellness program Balance: Skip the peak hour rush and commute at flexible timings Work from Home: For two days a month, feel free to work from anywhere Food: Well-stocked pantry for refuelling throughout the day Bonding: Get to know your colleagues better through company bonding events held several times a year Continuous Growth: Half-yearly appraisals for consistent self-improvement and goal setting Dynamic Environment: Regional exposure in an ever-evolving global industry Fun and Lively Work Culture: Collaborate and communicate freely with our open-plan office workspace ",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "Broctagon",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
