{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14068/security-analyst/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Security Analyst | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "1CB1447E962A6BE0BB0C71AA4D8401FF",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14068/security-analyst/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently over $700 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. Your team is responsible for: The Circle Security Team works to protect Circle; our customers, clients, and partners; and the financial markets upon which we rely. The security team leads the company's programs for information security and cybersecurity, business continuity, vendor risk management, and privacy. As a member of this team, you'll gain real-world experience supporting day-to-day operations of these technology risk management programs. You will also participate in the development of these programs in response to emerging business requirements, changes in regulation, and periodic assessments of risk. You'll get the opportunity to develop your skills, collaborate across teams and continue to learn. What you'll work on: Work collaboratively with internal stakeholders to build and operate technology risk management controls Own and build relationships with key external stakeholders such as partners, vendors, and customers Collect data on the performance of technology risk management programs Evaluate controls and data to identify weaknesses and any associated risks, as well as make recommendations on how to mitigate those risks Produce metrics-oriented reports on technology risk for senior management Drive continuous improvement in the technology risk management programs Identify and investigate opportunities for new processes and resources Support audit projects What you'll bring to Circle: Bachelor's degree in finance, business operations, computer science, or related field Experience with information security, technology risk management, or IT audit, preferably in financial services Self-motivated and creative problem-solver able to work independently with minimal guidance Ability to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain irregularities or trends Ability to manage multiple competing priorities and use good judgement to establish order or priorities on the fly Ability to influence internal and external customers to resolve exception items and achieve organizational objectives on an expedient basis Ability to create an amazing customer experience, with a high level of customer satisfaction Experience/familiarity with Slack, Mac OSX and GSuite; software development a plus. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "USDC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
