{
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Custody team builds and maintains the most secure crypto storage service in the world - storing billions of dollars worth of crypto assets for some of the biggest names in both crypto and finance. We take on hard engineering problems in cryptography, security, blockchain technology and distributed systems. As an engineer for Coinbase Custody, you will build the core Custody platform, which sits at the intersection of our institutional clients and our proprietary cold storage infrastructure. You'll help build our flagship custody interface, portfolio management, rewards payout for staking, and user access controls features. You'll also work with our security and risk engineering teams to build trust and safety features to protect customer accounts, without compromising on the user experience. If you're excited by the problem space of designing and delivering engaging user experiences, building performant user interfaces, and building trustworthy financial systems, we should talk! Finally, you will join a small but growing team - you will be in front of customers and directly part of the feedback loop. A little about our team: We take continuous learning to heart - every day in our world brings new ideas and opportunities. We take personal ownership of our mission and believe we will deliver on it. We value positive energy, and clear communication and are committed to building an inclusive environment for people from every background. What you'll be doing: Build the most reliable, secure and user-friendly crypto Custody platform in the world Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Build, test and ship customer facing features/products using modern tools like React, ES6, Flow, Styled Components, Jest and Webpack. Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers. What we look for in you: You have at least 4 years of experience in software engineering. You are comfortable working with JavaScript/Typescript. You've developed and shipped user-facing features using component-based UI frameworks. You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. Nice to haves: Github Profile. Links to products you've built. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California . By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. \u00c2\u00a0 Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Hash": "23C2A4157C5653338B00457EC2CA567B",
    "Language": "English",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14218/senior-frontend-engineer-custody/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Title": "Senior Frontend Engineer, Custody | Blocktribe",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14218/senior-frontend-engineer-custody/",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
