{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13933/data-science-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Data Science Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "243C02D82EB87945B2FB30C1A7D321B7",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13933/data-science-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-12",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. At Coinbase, our vision is to build an open financial system for the world, and to get there we'll need to continually learn from our data. Data scientists are focused on this critical step of converting data into learning. Read more about our values and culture here. What you'll be doing: Manage, mentor and grow a team of data scientists and build solid working partnerships with product teams Act as a strategic thought partner to product teams and Coinbase executives; lead the team to execute on data-based analyses to help prioritize product opportunities and provide actionable recommendations?? Standardize best practices for analysis, modeling and experimentation; Develop scalable processes to help the team solve pain points and meet goals Design communication structure and cadence with team members; Synthesize data learnings (success or failures) into compelling stories and communicate them throughout Coinbase. Act as the business metrics owner for performance management Drive data team and organizational level initiatives to scale our insights through better systems and automation What we look for in you: BA / BS degree business, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or any scientific or computational degree 5+ years of experience as a hands-on leader of a high-performing data science/analytics team 7+ years of experience providing business insights and driving data science initiatives Experience in both internal and external storytelling and executive presentations Expertise with analytics tools, data visualization, SQL, R, or Python as applied to data science and analytics Deep knowledge of data models and experimental design and execution Excellent ability to communicate complicated and nuanced insights in accessible language to relevant stakeholders Demonstrate our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution Self-driven and able to create plans for analytics projects and?? build collaboration within the team Nice to haves: Masters or PhD in business, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or any scientific or computational degree Be able to proactively manage prioritization of work and deliver work with great quality and influence the broader team in creating leverage Previous experience working with the product team in experimentation, causal inference is a plus Experience with Looker, Tableau or other business intelligence platforms Domain experience in Fintech product and growth areas Experience manipulating large amounts of structured and unstructured data Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
