{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14082/general-counsel/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "General Counsel | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "2670F59B1CBBFD0BC5D8F5873E8EFA96",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14082/general-counsel/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently over $700 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Circle), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. What you'll be responsible for: You will serve as a critical member of the executive leadership team while also overseeing Circle's legal team. Reporting to Founder, Chairman and CEO Jeremy Allaire, you will provide commercially-minded legal support for all aspects of Circle's new and existing initiatives, partnerships, and products. What you'll work on: Articulate and craft the right legal approach across the spectrum of: Commercial contracts required to enable Circle to scale its technology platform business globally Building out new lines of business Helping drive and manage complex transactions (M&A, Equity, and Strategic Partnerships). Assist in managing Circle's domestic and global regulatory requirements Participate in government relations Handle legal affairs for corporate governance, intellectual property, litigation, employment, and international and domestic expansion. Act as the Secretary to our Board of Directors, including advising on corporate governance Responsibly manage Circle's legal team and budget What you'll bring to Circle: A strong interest in the potential for businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchain technology and services built on top of it. Demonstrated ability to operate both in a hands-on, operations-focused manner as well as to think about the longer term implications of, and opportunities for, our strategy. Optimistic, hard working, thorough, product-minded attitude as a team leader who, throughout an organization's evolution, thrives on being a mentor and coach for the members of his/her team, believes in performance management and goal setting, and succession planning. Demonstrated experience embracing values consistent with Circle's including being mindful and driven by excellence, possessing high integrity, and believing in the importance of a multistakeholder approach to work, namely that Circle organizes, incentivizes, and measures itself against meeting the needs of all of Circle's stakeholders - its customers, shareholders, employees and families, local communities, and world. Track record of managing priorities based on both commercial intuition as well as risk assessment. Experience partnering cross-functionally to manage company risks, including business continuity planning, data security, and privacy-related matters. Previous experience managing to a budget, including outside counsel and other relevant third parties. 10+ years of experience, of which at least half is in-house, and is experience which ideally (but not necessarily) has included at least 1 year: in the fintech ecosystem and of international scope, including but not limited to entity and employment structure, commercial contracts, registration, and licensing. Experience working within, or demonstrated deep appreciation of, complex regulatory environments. Ability to work productively as the Secretary to our Board of Directors, including advising on corporate governance. Location: Ideally Boston, but will consider other locations in the United States. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Circle",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
