{
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Coinbase Pro team plays a critical role in executing on that vision. We're building the most secure and trusted digital asset exchange for institutions and professional traders. We take on hard engineering problems around speed, usability, scalability, security and financial safety to help our customers invest in the rapidly growing digital asset space, and to protect their investments. This is where you come in. You'll help build our flagship trading interface, portfolio management features, and entirely new products that the ecosystem hasn't seen before. You'll also work with our security and risk engineering teams to build trust and safety features to protect user accounts, without compromising on the user experience. If you're excited by the problem space of designing and delivering engaging user experiences, performant user interfaces, and trustworthy financial systems, we should talk! About our team: We are a small group of application engineers within the larger Coinbase Pro engineering team that is building a delightful mobile app experience for Coinbase Pro customers. We care deeply about our stack and tools - we are using React Native to build our iOS and Android applications from the ground up. We pay special attention to performance as we operate a real-time application with high frequency, low latency updates that power interactive charts. We value positive energy, continuous learning, and clear communication and are committed to building an inclusive environment for people from every background. What you'll be doing: Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Build, test and ship customer facing features/products using tools and framework like React Native, Typescript, ES6, and Redux. Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers. Leverage native APIs for deeper integrations with iOS/Android platforms. What we look for in you: You have at least 2 years of experience in software engineering. You are comfortable working with JavaScript/Typescript. Experience developing and shipping user-facing features and applications using React or React Native. Write high-quality tests Experience monitoring and managing apps in production Nice to Haves: You are an active Coinbase Pro customer. You're staying on top of React Native best practices. You've worked on React Native teams in the consumer, finance or security space. Understanding of iOS SDK/Android framework API and application lifecycles Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California . By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. \u00c2\u00a0 Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Hash": "26A4C702395E33D422B1F5533CF2A0B1",
    "Language": "English",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14228/react-native-engineer-coinbase-pro/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=3",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=3",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Title": "React Native Engineer, Coinbase Pro | Blocktribe",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14228/react-native-engineer-coinbase-pro/",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
