{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11145/head-of-marketing-ux-writing/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Head of Marketing & UX Writing | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "33CBB4881AED92B72EC0D9ED609DD5B5",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11145/head-of-marketing-ux-writing/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We're looking for a seasoned Marketing and UX Writing leader with expertise designing, building, and scaling content systems at a fast-growing, category-defining company. You will lead efforts to apply a consistent Coinbase voice inside our products, brand content, and support content, creating guidelines others can draw from, and systems for reviews that leverage the right stakeholders across Product, Design, and Brand.?? Coinbase is the leader of an entirely new industry and every choice we make with our words must be intentional, considered, and consistent-that's how we maintain the hard-won trust we've earned over the course of our 8 years. This person should be equally comfortable drafting clear and impactful copy, as they are in articulating the \"why\" behind the words-workshopping, refining, and defending frameworks they've created to make decisions.?? The ideal candidate will have the right combination of vision, ambition, judgement, editorial chops, flexibility, creative ideas, and strategic thinking. We're looking for someone with a keen ability to prioritize, separate internal signal from noise, and quickly and efficiently determine where and how to focus efforts for maximum impact.?? This role reports in to the Director of Editorial and Creative Services and will work closely with the Product Design Lead to align on prioritization across Coinbase product needs. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Write and edit for the Coinbase voice across a wide range of brand and product efforts, from landing pages to social media posts. Be the world's most meticulous words geek to ensure all content is relatable, accurate, and actionable. Direct and protect the brand voice in all work.?? Own the master \"style guide\" for all words ensuring consistency of tone and glossary of terms across all brand touch points. Manage and direct external writing vendors for Coinbase Earn video production. Build and own product content systems, collaborating with cross-functional product and design leaders to drive reviews and alignment around content frameworks. Lead the editorial calendar process across products and channels, including blog, events, social, etc. Work highly collaboratively with the Growth, Pro, and additional product teams to support the company's product launches and goals through content and social media efforts. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Experience managing cross-functional initiatives involving multiple stakeholders across the organization. A hands' on approach as a \"builder.\" In shades of gray, you are comfortable devising an informed point of view. You don't need firm guidelines in place in order to get started. In fact, you are happy to put something down that everyone can work from. A demonstrated ability to understand complex subject matter such as financial instruments and market dynamics, along with the skills needed to simplify and explain these topics for a broad audience of stakeholders.?? Systems thinking. Demonstrable skill and knack for articulating the \"why\" and \"how,\" not just the \"what.\" An understanding of how to scale writing by creating guidelines and \"source code.\" Analytical rigor; a high bar for integrity, trust and quality; and a guiding curiosity to stay on the cutting edge of this fast-moving world. A strategic mindset. You should bring creative solutions to every problem and never see a challenge as insurmountable.?? A passion for crypto and the economic freedom it can offer. Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world-we want you to help.?? Curiosity and an open mind. We're a culture of learners and we welcome a humble approach. Allergy to jargon and relentless push for accuracy. We care about what we say and how we say it. Every word matters. Nice to haves: Experience in FinTech, crypto or traditional financial services.?? 8-10 years relevant work experience in house at a technology company. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
