{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11157/senior-product-manager-crypto/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Product Manager, Crypto | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "34DD5F1D665FDC6400432798FA1F6A31",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11157/senior-product-manager-crypto/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location:?? Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The crypto team helps Coinbase securely store, trade and interact with billion dollars of assets. We are at the forefront of crypto, operating blockchains at scale, designing new products and solving hard engineering problems to make the latest crypto technologies accessible to people around the world. We take on challenging problems in user experience, cryptography, security and blockchain technology. On the Crypto Team, you'll be tasked with learning about new blockchains and technologies, and figuring out ways to turn them into products for our users. You'll work with leadership to turn ideas into reliable products and infrastructure for Coinbase, Pro, Custody and the Wallet. You'll work closely with engineers solving novel, never-seen-before problems in crypto.?? A little about our team: we take continuous learning to heart. We often dive into computational, financial and economic theory to better understand the engineering problems we face. We also value positive energy, and clear communication and are committed to building an inclusive environment for people from every background. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Work closely with engineers, designers and leadership to design & deliver crypto products that advance the Coinbase mission. Research and stay ahead of new and upcoming technology in the crypto space, and build relationships with key community members. Drive adoption of crypto-first product features, working closely with partners on product teams. Work with engineers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a strategy and roadmap every quarter. Hiring, developing and mentoring junior product managers on your team. Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): You have at least 5 years of experience in product management, working with engineering teams. You're familiar with the crypto ecosystem and popular currencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum. You have a background in engineering or research or know how to code. You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. You're an excellent communicator, comfortable talking to individual contributors and executive leadership. Nice to haves: Experience with designing API's or working with infrastructure teams.?? Experience managing other product managers. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Crypto",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
