{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11088/staff-software-engineer-developer-productivity/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Staff Software Engineer, Developer Productivity | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "351651430A68C0344146FB9726F87AF8",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11088/staff-software-engineer-developer-productivity/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Developer Productivity team helps Coinbase engineers realize this vision by enabling them to design, develop and deploy software quickly, reliably and securely. We consider the engineering teams as our customers and work closely with them throughout our development process. We proactively seek out and adopt best practices from the industry and make strategic investments to automate interactions and push responsibility to vendors for undifferentiated tools. Our biggest challenge is to serve a high-velocity engineering organization well during a period of high growth and ambitious goals. We're looking for a Staff Software Engineer to balance the role of an individual contributor while also anchoring new projects, leading technical direction and mentoring other engineers on the team. What you'll be doing: Lead the development of tools, rules and standards for our bazel -based monorepo Continuously improve our CI/CD pipeline serving a wide range of architectural patterns, from EC2 to Serverless to mobile Manage, develop and improve service discovery and communication protocols Build and maintain artifact storage and management tools Accelerate engineering velocity through paved roads that standardize common programming patterns across our engineering organization Quantify productivity and help define a data-driven roadmap Make our Serverless tooling enterprise-level: https://blog.coinbase.com/benchmarking-aws-lambda-ca3cfb3c25cd Bridge the gap between several technologies we'd like to adopt, such as gRPC and AWS Lambda: https://blog.coinbase.com/grpc-to-aws-lambda-is-it-possible-4b29a9171d7f What we look for in you: You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution You have at least 7+ years of experience in software engineering You know what high quality code - and software engineering processes - look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them You are an expert in at least one programming language such as Go, Ruby or JavaScript You have built systems on public cloud providers such as AWS, GCP or Azure You're passionate about building an open financial system for the world Nice to haves: You are familiar with service oriented architectures at scale and understand the tradeoffs between different architectural approaches You are familiar with popular application frameworks such as React You've built systems with financial or security constraints Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "London, GB",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
