{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11056/project-manager-tools-analytics/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=Oregon",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Project Manager, Tools & Analytics | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "3656FE9CBD233D90A8BC278DC8B5A04F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11056/project-manager-tools-analytics/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: Portland, OR?? Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. ?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Build tools that empower internal teams for their bespoke needs. Write technical PRDs, manage technical backlogs, and effectively prioritize new features vs. tech debt. Manage the relationship between various internal teams within Customer Experience and external business units (ie. IT, Engineering, Product, Data, etc) to ensure projects are delivered on time. Act like an owner and develop, build, maintain multi quarter roadmaps that will help elevate Customer Experience offerings Be responsible for painting a picture that enables our CX team to go on a multi year journey with Coinbase while keeping customers happy and bought in. Estimate work efforts, design project plans, define milestones and manage resources, while driving adherence and compliance?? Work closely with our CX Operations team to uncover and spearhead initiatives to improve the customer experience for Coinbase users Turn support data into actionable customer experience?? improvement opportunities Become an SME and essential thought leader in developing a best-in-class customer experience What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Passionate about delivering a great Customer Experience 5+ years of Project Management experience working with tools & analytics in customer experience BA/BS degree in Information Management Systems or equivalent experience Knowledge or experience working on internal tools in support of an operations team In-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of Salesforce application Demonstrated ability to manage projects affecting many functions, including product, engineering, finance, compliance, and customer experience. Self-motivated with a demonstrable desire to lead strategic problem solving, execution, and project ownership. Demonstrated success in leveraging data to inform customer-oriented decisions Experience collecting internal customer feedback and requests, empathizing with their challenges and opportunities, and prioritizing roadmaps to optimize results. Passion for cryptocurrency, financial markets, and the Coinbase mission. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants: Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "Portland, Oregon, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Analytics",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
