{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11142/senior-manager-financial-institutions-regulatory-compliance/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=New%20York",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Manager, Financial Institutions Regulatory Compliance | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "37FBBE07C3E33151E05B949DFE29D859",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11142/senior-manager-financial-institutions-regulatory-compliance/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: New York, NY ?? Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. This role is for the Senior Manager Financial Institutions Regulatory Compliance. The role is based in NY and will report to a member of the Senior Compliance leadership team. The role will be responsible for advising on the global regulatory obligations of the Financial Institutions Compliance Program. The Financial Institutions Compliance Program covers the Bank Partner Relationship Team, the Trade Surveillance Team, and our two Broker Dealers (Coinbase Securities and Coinbase Capital Markets). The role will be responsible for advising Compliance Leadership on policies, procedures, and interactions with regulators, including the NYDFS, the SEC, FINRA, and the CFTC. The role will also include responsibility for certain core compliance activities such as assisting with regulatory interactions and responses, compliance policy document updates, and other general compliance activities.?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Representing Coinbase compliance with the New York Department of Financial Services, CFTC, FINRA, and the SEC in respect to Coinbase's current and future obligations. Leading the Financial Institutions Compliance group's work in support of new charter/license applications domestically, and collaborating on new charter/license applications globally. Assisting in the regulatory examinations and leading Coinbase's response and remediation efforts with respect to examinations conducted and findings issued by such agencies. Act as a Compliance regulatory product liaison, working cross-functionally across Coinbase, particularly with product and legal teams. Overseeing the development and execution of Financial Institutions program and methodology. Serve as an advisor to the organization, educating the business and helping them design and/or remediate controls. Collaborate with internal and external audit to maintain open lines of communication on assurance initiatives at Coinbase. Core compliance activities including policy development and review. Will assist in the preparation of relevant board materials for monthly Trust Co board meetings and quarterly parent company board meetings. Cross functional collaboration with the other Compliance and Legal roles on emerging regulations. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Strong communication skills and presence: ability to interface with regulators and product teams Work in a cross functional and matrixed environment Understanding of the Institutional space, both traditional finance and crypto market Nice to haves: Thorough understanding of block chain technology and crypto Knowledge of BitLicense and NY DFS Trust Company License requirements Experience either working inside a financial regulatory agency or managing regulatory compliance programs and examinations for a regulated financial institutions Management experience in a matrixed environment and technology/fintech organization Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "CFTC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
