{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13644/senior-product-manager-customer-experience-marketing/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=California",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Product Manager, Customer Experience & Marketing | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "3E7B15BF42F4A15CBD4683DA76D699E9",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13644/senior-product-manager-customer-experience-marketing/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Our growing Enterprise Applications team is looking for an experienced Senior Product Manager (Customer Experience & Marketing) , passionate about transforming technology into critical business value. You will synthesize a product vision into key technical decisions and partner with Business Units and engineering teams to buy, build, launch, and scale platforms. You have strong product, design and technical skills to create and deliver simple and intuitive products. You possess the versatility to understand your stakeholder challenges and translate these into technical requirements for the engineering team. You will report to the Director of Engineering & Product Management-Enterprise Platforms and be part of the larger Coinbase Customer Experience Organization.?? About You: You are curious, creative and have experience creating enterprise products. You have a keen eye for design, are highly adaptable and when faced with challenges, you become more creative, not less. You are execution oriented and bring projects from concept to completion, doing everything possible to ensure successful launches. You are data driven, have a can do attitude, are smart, confident, and skilled communicator who welcomes honest and candid feedback What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Builds relationships with key business stakeholders to understand business strategy Educates stakeholders on how to engage with Enterprise Apps Team Manage ideation, business cases, demand and roadmaps for Business Units:?? Sales, Support, Compliance & Product?? Map business KPI and assists in business process documentation Accountable for Internal Customer personas and Internal Customer Journey Develop, draft, and lead complex workflows Create and articulate vision for product development to support our internal customers Effectively communicate with all levels of staff, including executive level stakeholders Recommend build, buy, or partner for key capabilities required to deliver solutions?? Ensure Engineering teams have 4-6 weeks worth of refined backlog in each area Document non-functional requirements (Automation, CI/CD, Security) Work within and plan against a defined release schedule Identify and resolve inefficiencies in PM tools, process and workflows?? Recommend new methods for efficiency to support our key business partners Present Demos to business units of capabilities completed Run User Acceptance Testing and Sign-off on behalf of the business, as needed Perform business operational activities, as needed Plan and coordinate across multiple engineering teams Lead change management activities to drive successful adoption of capabilities Define and analyze metrics that mature the Product Management function Requirements: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Business Administration desired 5+ years experience, preferably in business applications development or product management for internal products Process and business understanding in the domains of Sales, Customer Experience, Support, Compliance and Product Hands-on Experience with Salesforce and/or Adobe Experience Manager and related products and integrations Background working within an Agile environment and using Jira Experience non-functional requirements (Automation, CI/CD, Security) Salesforce Administrator, Sales Cloud or Service Cloud certifications are a plus Experience with vendor management a plus FinTech background is a nice to have Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Internal",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
