{
    "Body": " Location: Redwood City, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Coinbase seeks to bring economic freedom to individuals and businesses by building an open financial system for the world. Our first step on that journey is making digital currency accessible and approachable for everyone, which we're working to achieve with a suite of products that serve more than 30M customers globally today.???????????? That suite of products is enabled by a set of Internal Tools that Coinbase employees and contractors use to accelerate the mission. These employee-facing products are like Coinbase's operating system, and if they're built well, they will become a meaningful strategic differentiator. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Perform all aspects of team management to attract, engage, retain, and nurture teams of exceptional engineers (e.g., recruitment, mentoring, training and development, performance evaluation). Partner with Product and other key stakeholders to develop technology roadmaps, goal setting, and regular reporting of progress to senior leadership in the company. Coordinate the execution of these activities working with cross-functional teams within Coinbase.???????????? Provide technical and architectural direction for the development, design, integration, testing, and maintenance of our Internal Tools Platform. Lead agile software processes for the engineering team and introduce best-in-class industry practices. Act as an internal ambassador for the engineering team to other groups, communicating the opportunities and constraints technology offers to the development of our internal projects. Manage technical debt to ensure our development velocity stays responsive and predictable while minimizing production incidents of our operations. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 7+ years of experience managing engineering teams, including managing engineering managers. Strong analytic skills and a demonstrated sense of ownership and accountability. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of people. A service-oriented mindset while driving excellence across the organization. Strong organizational skills, both for yourself and the team Business acumen: Proven understanding of business dynamics, goals, and product strategy. Knowledge of how Engineering fits into Coinbase's overall business. The ability to balance business needs, a sense of urgency, conflicting constraints, and shipping high quality and pragmatic solutions in a fast-moving and quickly-growing company. Nice to haves: BS/MS in Computer Science or related field/equivalent practical experience Previous experience developing or managing products built with Ruby, Rails, Go, AWS, React Previous experience building or leading teams developing internal products Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. Company Profile Apply Now Share this job: Modal Window Home Contact About Us Terms & Conditions Employer Post a Job Search Resumes Sign in Job Seeker Find Jobs Create Resume Sign in Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn ???????????? 2008-2020????????????Blocktribe TM", 
    "CompanyName": "General", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "466E61EA182AEA7EC91221F945D0A46F", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, ethereum, wallet, financial, privacy, react, agile, aws, bitcoin, ruby", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Redwood City, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11095/director-of-engineering-internal-platform/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Director of Engineering, Internal Platform | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11095/director-of-engineering-internal-platform/"
}
