{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13934/engineering-manager-crypto/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Engineering Manager, Crypto | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "48C4CAE2063C5C75C0F68D7733800F6D",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13934/engineering-manager-crypto/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-06",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Crypto Team:?? Adding crypto assets and digital currencies is core to executing on our vision and building our brand of trust. The Crypto team builds shared infrastructure to make Blockchains and Crypto assets available on Coinbase and our other business units. We take on hard engineering problems in cryptography, security, blockchain technology and distributed systems, with a focus on building high reliability services for product teams.?? Your Role: As a Senior Engineering Manager, you will be responsible for growing and leading an engineering team towards building and maintaining the next generation of Blockchain software at Coinbase.?? You will be responsible for managing the architectural design and iterative implementation of highly complex, mission-critical systems.?? Additionally you will set and ensure reliability and service level agreements for the services that your team owns.?? What you'll be doing: Leading and growing the engineering team responsible for building and maintaining Blockchain software at Coinbase. Breaking down complex projects into smaller pieces and iterating with the team on their design and implementation.?? Setting and maintaining Service Level Agreements and Reliability metrics for the systems that your team owns.?? ??Working closely with the Security and Infrastructure teams to ensure security and scalability of the systems that your team owns.?? Incident response, managing on-call rotation, and runbook creation. ??Project and capacity planning for your team.?? Mentoring Junior Engineering Managers and Tech leads.?? What we look for in you: 5+ years of engineering management experience.?? Past experience with shipping complex/multi quarter projects.?? Experience creating, delivering, and operating multi-tenanted, distributed systems at scale. Track record of maintaining reliability and uptime of mission critical systems. Excellent understanding of Infrastructure and Distributed system.?? ??Being able to be hands-on when needed (e.g. take on-call rotations and review projects with engineers) Ability to do both long term thinking and short term planning.?? Being able to balance security and usability with novel approaches to isolation and access.?? Computer Science degree or equivalent .?? Embodying our values: Positive energy, continuous learning, clear communication, efficient execution, and commitment to building an inclusive environment Nice to haves: ??Familiarity with Blockchains and Cryptography.?? Deep understanding of security best practices.?? Experience with Ruby or GoLang.?? Experience using Amazon Web Services, Lambdas, gRPC, Envoy or Kubernetes. Advanced degree (Master's and/or PhD) in math, computer science, statistics, engineering, or similar discipline. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Crypto",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
