{
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Coinbase Commerce's mission to m ake accepting cryptocurrency easy for everyone . Our product makes it extremely simple for anyone in the world who wants to start a business to accept cryptocurrency payments. We believe that with time, cryptocurrency will power most online commerce and we are working towards making that vision a reality. As a Senior Frontend Engineer on Coinbase Commerce, you will be responsible for building a world-class product for businesses around the world. You will get to work at the intersection of design, frontend engineering, cryptocurrencies and security. We are a small, autonomous team and you will have a lot of ownership over the product and a substantial impact on our success. What you'll be doing: Work with Coinbase Commerce's product manager, engineers, and Coinbase senior leadership to turn our vision into a reality. Build a reliable, secure, and user-friendly product for millions of online businesses. Contribute to the product and engineering roadmap by proactively identifying areas to focus on. Add positive energy in every meeting or interaction with your coworkers - it's one of the things that makes Coinbase a great place to work. What we look for in you: 4+ years of experience in software engineering. Specific working knowledge/expertise in JavaScript/HTML/CSS. Solid UX and design sensibilities, and a desire to sweat the small stuff. Experience with React and other modern web technologies. You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers. You've designed, built, scaled and maintained production services. You're staying on top of modern JavaScript and frontend best practices. You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. Nice to haves: You've worked on front-end teams in the finance or security space. Crypto knowledge and/or curiosity. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Nice", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "4FF292CA8D15CAF0F929DFCAF2936C6B", 
    "KeyTerms": "front end, css, wallet, financial, product manager, react, cryptocurrencies, javascript, cryptocurrency, ethereum, e-commerce, html, software engineer, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14216/senior-frontend-engineer-coinbase-commerce/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Frontend Engineer - Coinbase Commerce | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14216/senior-frontend-engineer-coinbase-commerce/"
}
