{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Infrastructure Security team is a new team that works directly with the Infrastructure group architecting, advising, and building solutions that make the Coinbase engineering platform secure and let our engineers focus on building great products. Our work touches all facets of the engineering pipeline, from development and deployment, to core infrastructure and configuration, to the cross between SRE and Security. You'll work with these infrastructure teams while building security specific solutions that complement the overall platform.???????????? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Help Infrastructure engineers develop secure systems by advising on secure patterns and practices Proactively introduce new controls into the Coinbase infrastructure platform that enhances our defense in depth Incorporate new secure design patterns into platforms that expand what our engineers can do in a secure way What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution You have strong threat modeling skills to enable you to understand systems and what can go wrong You have experience with cloud-native architectures Nice to haves: You enjoy wrangling complex problems and datasets - we often deal with messy or voluminous datasets such as configuration across our fleet or terabytes of logs, so interest in modern data management tools that help us find signal in the noise will be beneficial Interest in cryptography or privacy engineering - we use cryptography across our organization to protect our users, and bringing standardization and integration into our platform will help meet our mission of helping engineers focus on building products. We have cryptographic engineers that build and validate primitives, but knowing how and where to use them will be helpful Experience working in a high security and/or highly regulated industry - we are both, and have to work to build highly constrained architectures that are as painless as possible, while remaining highly transparent for ease of compliance and audit Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "General", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "52CBAFB5F23DC2D208EC5FD5DD489F98", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, ethereum, wallet, threat modeling, compliance, financial, design patterns, cryptography, privacy, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14072/infrastructure-security-engineer/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Infrastructure Security Engineer | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14072/infrastructure-security-engineer/"
}
