{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13714/treasury-analyst-japan/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Treasury Analyst (Japan) | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "5448F2302EBF58BDDCE8966A91C2F2B8",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13714/treasury-analyst-japan/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: Tokyo, Japan Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are looking for a Treasury Analyst who has experience in Treasury Operations, especially experienced in Cash Management, Payments and Bank Relationship Management. The right candidate has a good understanding of the local banking, fintech and payment landscape in Japan. Candidate is fluent in Japanese and has established relationships with banks and other financial institutions in Japan. In this role, you will lead the day-to-day Treasury Operations in Japan, working closely with other treasury analysts and associate managers in the US to process payments, settle FX trades and perform cash position and forecasting activities. You will work with the Director of Treasury to establish processes and procedures and controls for all treasury activities in Japan. This role offers the right candidate an opportunity to contribute toward setting up solid treasury processes to support the rapid expansion of Coinbase into new markets. This role offers an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to contribute to defining and implementing industry best practices at a company that is shaping the emerging and growing Blockchain and Cryptocurrency space. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Prepare and analyze daily cash positions for both local and international entities, ensuring adequate cash and liquidity is available to meet each entity's financial obligations. Provide custodial analysis and collateral reporting for custodial assets. Lead all banking relationships in Japan and other countries assigned. Manage relationships with financial service providers. Supports banking operations, including managing bank account opening and closing processes. Responsible for reviewing and funding all fiat bank accounts, internal wallets etc for entities and countries you are responsible for. Manage inter-company relationships and settle outstanding balances. Work with other Treasury Analysts to review,?? implement and track?? capital structure decisions for each entity. Support processing of all AP, Payroll, Tax, Compliance and Treasury payment requests. Track all Cash Management metrics as well as scorecards with Treasury's external vendors. Collaborate with other departments in setting up optimal entity and cashflow structures to support growth of the business in your region. Forecast daily cash requirements and execute daily financing decisions as needed. Support implementation of Cash Management Systems and other automation efforts to optimize efficiencies in cash operations. Support Accounting team in month and quarter end close activities. Design and implement cash controls. Recommend, implement and maintain process improvements. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 5+ years of experience in a treasury function especially Treasury Operations function. Ability to create forecasting models to manage future cash flows. Detail-oriented with solid analytic and problem-solving skills, including project management. Excellent writing, and communication skills. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Working knowledge of spreadsheet software (Excel), SQL, and data presentation software (Looker). Fluency in Japanese required. Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance or related degree preferred. Nice to haves: Certified Treasury Professional. Prior experience in the Crypto, Financial Services or Fintech space. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "Japan",
    "CompanyName": "Treasury",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
