{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11162/security-readiness-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Security Readiness Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "57E62747BBD93F5FB44AB15F5D8F38F4",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11162/security-readiness-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Coinbase is looking for a motivated Security Readiness Manager to oversee the company's global business continuity management and disaster recovery program and drive remediation across teams. Reporting into the Director of Security GRC, this position will be responsible for organizing and maintaining the global business continuity and disaster recovery program to ensure our teams, products, and technology platform can maintain the trust of our customers by staying resilient in response to a business impacting event. We're looking for somebody who is passionate about business resilience, a natural project manager, and is knowledgeable and driven to implement a robust program at a rapidly growing company. This person will have a passion for technology, experience with complex systems, and can demonstrate solid experience in business continuity and disaster recovery. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Responsible for all aspects of the program from creating and maintaining business impact analyses to risk assessments, planning, and coordinating drills Develop a BCM framework to assist the business in identifying risks Identify critical systems and operations that are crucial to the continued business operations in the event of a disaster Work cross functionally with leadership, Security, IT, Infrastructure, and Engineering teams to coordinate and lead Disaster Recovery exercises, identify and prioritize remediation, and track completion Implement and maintain disaster recovery plans and metrics to ensure the security and integrity of company technology and data, and identify program improvements?? Own process-based remediation items identified in exercises, collaborating with partner teams to design new processes and policies that close gaps Maintain compliance with all standards, regulations, and requirements Acquire and maintain current knowledge of international laws and country-specific nuances that can impact program implementation?? Conduct training with business units to test operational resilience of programs Act as the primary contact with all business continuity program audits and client reviews Create reports as needed for different levels of leadership, covering all aspects of BCP and DR What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Proven leadership with 5-7 years of business continuity, disaster recovery, or related risk assessment and remediation at a technology or fintech company Strong technical aptitude with project management skills, capable of learning emerging products and creating plans to support the business Experience with AWS-built environments, SaaS provider architecture, and cloud based disaster recovery methodology?? Solid communicator and writer; experience with drafting project plans across multiple stakeholders, holding teams accountable to their deliverables, and producing final reports Finely tuned ability to risk rank multiple high priority items and advocate effectively for technical teams Experience in defining, implementing and enforcing risk-based standards, processes and procedures for responding to disruptions in business or IT operations Strong ability to work in a fast paced environment while still meeting deliverables Nice to Haves: Business Continuity Certification (CBCP, MBCP, BCCE, etc.) Knowledgeable and experienced in crisis management best practices Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "BCP",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
