{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/12817/sr-analyst-threat-intelligence/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sr. Analyst, Threat Intelligence | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "595D6066111BF781AC0735C8FC29A533",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/12817/sr-analyst-threat-intelligence/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA or Remote Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Security is a primary competency at Coinbase, and the Security Operations team keeps a watchful eye over every aspect of it. Every day, we protect against some of the most sophisticated attackers in the world to protect billions of dollars worth of digital assets and ensure that our customers and employees can enjoy a safe, trusted experience. As Coinbase scales globally, our team is scaling along with it, using a blend of tooling, automation, and strategic team growth to ensure that we're well-equipped to protect the next billion users of crypto. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): The Security Operations group is a multi-functional organization that includes our CSIRT, Trust & Safety, and Threat Intelligence. While no two days will end up looking the same, generally-speaking you'll be responsible for the following things: Tracking APTs and other threat actors targeting the crypto community and broader financial industry, and providing actionable intelligence to our CSIRT and security partners. Researching emerging attack trends, and uncovering attacker infrastructures and tools. Monitoring and investigating in-the-wild exploits and attacks against other crypto exchanges, determining attribution to a particular threat group, and working with our CSIRT to develop detections accordingly. Sharing your most interesting findings via the Coinbase blog, internal and external presentations, and threat reports. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Some security teams have strict requirements about certifications, degrees, years of experience, and things like that. Not us! We're more interested in the unique perspectives and expertise you'll bring to the team, rather than the acronyms on your resume. However, you'll be much more likely to be successful in this role if these bullet points seem like a good description of you: You've been doing practical security things (detection and response, phishkit/malware/packet analysis, security research, etc) for a while now, probably in the realm of 5+ years You are comfortable doing malware analysis, in either static or dynamic environments, and have a favorite tool or set of tools you use to tear binaries apart You're familiar with Python and have used it for data analysis or to automate the task that made you bored when you were asked to do it more than three (or a thousand) times You regularly use OSINT or threat intelligence to better understand an attack or piece of malware. You effectively communicate your findings and analysis with the team. You're curious about how cyber actors operate, and you're determined to not let a broken dependency or sink-holed domain stop you from figuring it out. You aren't afraid to ask for help from your coworkers or network, but you know how to spot a rabbit hole before you've gone too deep. Nice to haves: You would bring a diverse perspective to the team: for example,?? maybe you took an unconventional route to get into your current security career. Passing familiarity with blockchains and cryptocurrency. Working knowledge of?? ATT&CK framework. Experience presenting at conferences, blogging, or just talking to your friends about the security work you do. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "Security",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
