{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11164/senior-application-security-architect/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Application Security Architect | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "5EA047CF13482C763D8CE6C3033E632A",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11164/senior-application-security-architect/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. ?? There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. ?? Read more about our values and culture here. ?? The security team ensures our technology maintains the high bar that has earned us the trust of millions of users who are buying, selling and storing billions of dollars worth of digital assets in our products. We measure ourselves by the impact of the work we do, striving to efficiently lower technical risk at Coinbase. The nature of digital assets we custody causes our work to be focused entirely preventatively, and we fully embrace 'shifting left.' We're looking for kindred souls who believe security is collaborative and prevention is the only scalable security solution. Our developer team moves quickly. ?? What you'll be doing: Drive proactive security audits of core software frameworks, create software security standards, and propose product and framework level enhancements.?? Mentor team members on all things appsec. You will become the primary security expert for multiple product lines, and act as the point of contact for engineering and security. Perform architecture reviews to steer projects in the right direction early, participate in security code reviews, and perform penetration testing against products prior to shipping.?? You will help to automate common tasks and patterns so that we don't have to churn through the same code twice. We have open sourced our Static Analysis orchestrator ( Salus ), and are always looking to make it better. Support engineering with implementing security fixes, ensuring security scanners are utilized correctly, and develop strategies to proactively secure their architecture.?? Review development frameworks for security functionality, consistency, and uplift opportunities. Create threat models for products you're responsible for, and leverage them to prioritize time based on risk impact. Educate and train product teams on security topics and skills to extend AppSec's reach by deputizing product teams to help themselves. ?? What we look for in you: Our hiring process tests your competencies in our core technical skillset as described in the 'what you'll be doing' section. Having a history exhibiting high quality execution in our core competencies will help your case. We expect each member of our team to embody our core principles: Collaborate and over communicate; Prioritize impact; Maintain a high personal standard; Share knowledge and experience; Drive a culture of ownership and responsibility. Our technical space spans many Protocols, Languages, and Frameworks. Proficiency in at least one of them is required. Current areas are: Blockchains, AWS (Serverless & otherwise), Docker, Ruby (Rails and otherwise), Golang, NodeJS, Android (Java/Kotlin), iOS (Swift, ObjC), Python. We have more minor use-cases for Java, C/C++, and Rust. As a security partner, we expect you to be capable of shifting between executing on reviews, writing standards, and writing code. Nice to haves: Experience working in a high security and/or highly regulated industry. We would love to have you take the essentials of what you've learned and apply them to the unique challenges Coinbase faces in Digital Assets. If you have extensive experience securing large Rails, NodeJS, and Golang codebases, we can immediately start applying what you've learned to the code we are asked to secure. Experience training others on how to secure those codebases is a plus. If you're fluent in Digital Assets, you'll have less to learn about the fundamentals of our business, but we do not immediately decline candidates who are not totally fluent. If you have open source application security tooling to your name, we'd love to take a look and understand what problem you are solving and how your solution works. We heavily encourage Open Source contributions! Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
