{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14106/director-client-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Director, Client Solutions | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "61B423F4A7492A3E2B05F05FED42CBB2",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14106/director-client-solutions/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently over $700 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Circle), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. What you'll work on: Reporting to the SVP of Sales, you will own and build Circle's Solutions Engineering function. You will play an integral role in defining and executing our solution validation processes across the entire customer lifecycle. From discovery calls to post sales support and implementation, you will partner with prospects and customers and guide them along their technical evaluation of Circle's suite of products and services. You will develop customized PoCs, solution diagrams, and implementation plans that articulate the value of Circle's technology for our customers. You will heavily collaborate with our Product and Engineering teams to provide market feedback and analysis that will influence our product roadmap. Most importantly, you will set the foundation for long-term, successful customer relationships that rely on Circle's technology and future innovation to grow their business. What you'll bring to Circle: You have 5+ years experience as an accomplished Solutions Engineer at one or more B2B SaaS organizations. You are talented in storytelling and presenting technical demonstrations. You are capable of engaging in strategic and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization. You are obsessed with customer success and believe your number one responsibility is the customer. You have a strong interest in the future of global payments and, preferably, a background in Fintech. You have in-depth understanding of APIs, distributed systems, databases, and developer tools. You have experience working with developers on implementation, integration, and customization of SaaS-based products. You are able to assess technical requirements that match business objectives. You have a successful track record scoping, designing, and validating technical solutions for large enterprise organizations. Finally, you enjoy building at the earliest stages. You care deeply about contributing and improving company processes. And you enjoy moving at a fast pace, building a long-lasting foundation, and helping customers thrive. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. "
}