{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11045/listings-associate/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Listings Associate | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "629B2D656E64DC25A44C9745F9CBAA7E",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11045/listings-associate/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-06",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Our Asset Listing Team helps assess prospective assets that may be integrated into the Coinbase platform for trading and custody. The team works with our various business units and senior leadership analyzing assets across a range of business, legal, and technical dimensions and is critical to driving growth. As a member of this team, you will have the opportunity to scale the process of adding support for some of the most innovative and impactful projects in crypto. ?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Continuously improve the efficiency of listing new assets across Coinbase products and services while maintaining a high quality bar. Implement, and iterate on the process of adding new assets, driving accountability for hitting key milestones and deadlines, incorporating automation where possible. Manage the rigor of day-to-day operations with infectious enthusiasm, empathy towards colleagues and a bias for action. Assess the ongoing performance of the Listing team, identifying key bottlenecks and ensuring resources are allocated in ways that allow us to scale effectively. Liaise with cross-functional teams to plan the asset review and launch schedule, and keep cross-functional stakeholders informed on timelines. Take ownership of tasks, large and small, that may have no clear owner and drive them to completion. Conduct regular check-ins with cross-functional teams. Improve performance of the entire Program by increasing efficiency and automation. Conduct diligence on crypto projects, including directly liaising with asset issuers. Write internal reports that synthesize your learnings, working cross-functionally to educate various teams on all elements of the projects and program Prioritize competing tasks and deadlines, using data driven decision making. Partner with internal stakeholders and cross functional teams (Engineering, Product, Legal, Data, Compliance, Support, etc) to align the company on reviewing and launching new assets. When needed, serve as the \"last stop\" to ensure nothing falls through the cracks, assuming responsibility or finding an owner for tasks that have no clear DRI. Partner with external stakeholders such as law firms, researchers, security auditors, and asset issuing teams to help prioritize, review, and launch new assets. Lead other scaling projects for Operations that require you to build a data-driven strategy, determine a game plan and operationally execute,, and effectively communicate progress to a broad audience of stakeholders What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Minimum of 6+ years of total experience working as a Program Manager or similar role. Spreadsheet expert (Google Sheets, Excel) comfortable with data analysis. Exceptional prioritization and project management skills in a fast paced environment. Passion to do whatever it takes to solve complex problems and build scalable processes. Strong verbal and written communication skills: great listener with the ability to concisely synthesize complex issues. Ability to translate digital asset information effectively across the organization to compliance, legal, engineering, and executives Prior track record with creating,?? maintaining, and optimizing medium to large sized programs with an emphasis on scalability and improving business processes. Have a positive attitude, motivate your team, and drive projects to completion through influence, through shifting priorities and deadlines. Strategic thinking and an ability to synthesize and prioritize inputs from various perspectives (including legal, finance, business, engineering, and customer experience) to create actionable improvements. Exceptional networking and relationship building skills, with the ability to influence and motivate stakeholders that do not report directly to you. Metrics orientation, ability to work with data and willingness to track results, activities and manage third party vendors and relationships. Strong entrepreneurial skills, speed, initiative, and ability to pierce through obstacles no matter what is thrown in front of you. Demonstrable interest and knowledge in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. Excellence in making informed judgements, setting priorities in ambiguous situations, and driving projects to completion while maintaining outstanding quality. Ability to collaborate with teammates, navigate relationships in both crypto and the broader technology ecosystem, and ensure that entrepreneurs have an excellent experience engaging with Coinbase. Nice to haves: Computer Science degree or experience in software engineering Familiarity with cryptocurrency and Coinbase's business Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
