{
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently over $700 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Circle), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. Engineering at Circle: In 2020, Circle unveiled Circle APIs : a set of solutions and smarter technology to help businesses accept payments in a more global, scalable and efficient alternative to traditional banking rails ( spoiler: we're using USD Coin under the hood ). Over the next 12 months, we're going to rapidly grow our API customer base and enable even more businesses to easily integrate and benefit from the breakthrough of programmable money on the internet. If you're data-driven, interested in building something meaningful and would love to work in an entrepreneurial environment, we can't wait to hear from you. Your team is responsible for: Developers love using Circle APIs but our business partners rely on our client tools for their day-to-day insights and health of their billing stack. To that end, you'll work on providing a seamless onboarding flow to help new business get their payments off the ground. And as a new business launches with Circle APIs, they use Circle's dashboards ( with your help! ) to help manage and optimize their payments. You'll be part of a small frontend team where you will play a key role in helping us create delightful customer experiences in a sound and scalable way. You'll work on: Challenging (and fun!) problems centered around digital currencies & their adoption. Did we mention that Circle launched a programmable dollar called USD Coin (or USDC)? Building modern front-end applications with beautiful & consistent UI for our customers Partner with our Product and Design teams to define the best UX for the tools we're building Experimentation, A/B tests and client feedback sessions to stay connected to our users and constantly provide delightful experiences Participate in code reviews to maintain code quality You'll bring to Circle: 4+ years experience building user interfaces for complex applications with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience building responsive, component-based web apps with modern JavaScript front-end frameworks (e.g., Vue, React, Angular) A keen sense of knowing when a feature works and when it can be improved. A focus on coding standards and code quality -- a desire to have great test coverage to enable continuous delivery Excellent communication skills, able to collaborate with remote teams, share ideas and present concepts effectively Self-starter, you enjoy moving at a fast pace, shipping software that improves the user experience and constantly improving your work with little supervision We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ", 
    "CompanyName": "USDC", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "65837830C02DCEA10D734F387BE62D60", 
    "KeyTerms": "algorithms, front end, css, frameworks, financial, react, remote, artificial intelligence, javascript, banking, angular, disruptive, html, code review, software engineer, protocols, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14198/senior-software-engineer-frontend/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=4", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Software Engineer, Frontend | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14198/senior-software-engineer-frontend/"
}
