{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11081/senior-software-engineer-infrastructure/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Software Engineer, Infrastructure | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "660008EF24D2968BE9B8104A8AA50D78",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11081/senior-software-engineer-infrastructure/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Infrastructure Team We're excited to add seasoned engineers across all the teams on Infrastructure. Learn more below! Cloud: Infrastructure is not a back office function at Coinbase. It is a product that we hold to the same quality standards as any other that we ship externally. We've built some of the most secure infrastructure running in the public cloud and consider automation and tooling a competitive advantage for the company. Developer Productivity: The Developer Productivity team helps Coinbase engineers realize this vision by enabling them to design, develop and deploy software quickly, reliably and securely. We consider the engineering teams as our customers and work closely with them throughout our development process. Reliability: The Reliability Engineering team helps Coinbase realize its vision by supporting engineering teams to build software that is world-class in terms of its reliability. As a core service team, the Reliability Engineers work closely with the rest of engineering. We actively seek out and gather the state-of-the-art, best practices from the industry at large.?? What we look for in you: At least 7+ years software engineering experience in industry You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution You know what high quality code - and software engineering processes - look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them You showcase strong proficiency within a modern tech stack. We typically use a mix of Ruby, Go and JavaScript for languages and gRPC + Protobuf for communication. Use these before? Great. If not, that's okay too. Our focus is hiring smart engineers who've worked on complex problems and we trust you'll be able to pick up new tech on the job You have built systems on public cloud providers such as AWS, GCP or Azure Curious to learn more? Apply and check out these links: Monitorama PDX 2019 - Luke Demi - Logs, Metrics, and the Evolution of Observability at Coinbase: link AWS re:Invent 2019: How Coinbase handles incident management by leveraging AWS: link Nine Serverless Patterns: Intro to Lambda for Startups: link ?? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "London, GB",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
