{
    "Body": " Location: New York, NY Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): As a part of a global internal audit team and working closely with out-sourced team(s), develop next generation audit practices to maintain a best-in-class global internal audit function Responsible for supporting Coinbase's internal audit plan through the execution of financial, operational and compliance related audits from beginning to end. Key activities include audit planning, stakeholder management, fieldwork execution, reporting and validation of remediated audit findings Develop audit reports on the effectiveness of the internal control structure for an executive level audience, ensuring reported findings are appropriately documented and supported by evidence Responsible for tracking and evaluating the adequacy and timeliness of management's response and the corrective action taken on internal audit findings, including validation of remediation activities Assist in the preparation of internal audit materials for the Audit Committee and Board of Directors Develop customized and valuable solutions to issues identified during the course of audits performed Validate the effectiveness of control function by leading periodic control certifications for all documented controls Establish and maintain trusted relationships with business unit management across all levels Remain current and increase knowledge of regulatory requirements that impact the organization, as well as in the areas of internal control, accounting, business, company products and company information. Work closely with both first and second lines of defense to maximize meetings utility, testing efficiencies and internal controls review coverage across the organization Work with external audit and other third party assessors to maximize external audit reliance on internal audit ICFR testing where possible Serve as a value-add and advisory function to business partners by identifying ways to address audit findings or opportunities for enhancements with the goal of mitigating risk and improving financial and operational performance without compromising 3rd Line of Defense independence and objectivity Assist with responses to regulatory inquiries as they relate to internal audit matters Manage and perform ad-hoc investigations/audits/reviews as required Communicate with and educate process owners effectively, including non-finance individuals, on the importance of controls, an effective control environment, and the role of Internal Auditor Promote new ideas / innovative means of executing projects and internal infrastructure enhancements focused on process or technology improvements What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Bachelors Degree in accounting/finance or computer science/management information systems 3+ years of experience in internal or external Audit, Compliance, Management Consulting or IT Consulting Excellent understanding of an internal control environment and working knowledge of Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting (ICFR) or Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Compliance Public accounting experience and/or relevant industry experience preferred Proven project management skills with the ability to juggle multiple responsibilities and deadlines Solid analytical and problem solving skills, with high standards for quality, accuracy and attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills Self-driven, ability to work independently and in a team environment Excellent understanding of data analysis techniques Demonstrated proficiency in Google Suite or MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to travel regionally, at times internationally Nice to haves: Experience working in a fast paced organization Entrepreneurial attitude and experience with, or the ability to adapt to, a rapidly growing start-up with associated complexities and ambiguities Experience working with/in an out-sourced or co-sourced internal audit function Ability to work across functions and time zones Understanding of crypto, payments and/or financial services industry and experience in auditing information systems and controls Professional Internal Audit / IT Audit qualification (e.g., CISA, CFE, etc.) or comprehensive working knowledge of the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditor practice Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "3rd", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "66C996A0939F815ECE2A078CE159DF58", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, ethereum, analytical and problem solving, wallet, analytical, financial, compliance, information systems, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14159/associate-manager-internal-audit/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Associate Manager, Internal Audit | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14159/associate-manager-internal-audit/"
}
