{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are reimagining People Analytics at Coinbase, and you will have the opportunity to build the strategy and team from the ground up. We are looking for candidates who are doers; those who are energized by the opportunity to get in the weeds, build our foundations, and scale our People Analytics practices for the next phase of Coinbase's growth.???????????? Data-backed decision making is core to Coinbase's culture, and our People Analytics team strives to introduce data to inform, and ultimately drive, every people-related decision we make.???????????? We partner with our Executive Team and other key leaders to ensure they have a deep understanding of their team's composition, health, engagement, and performance through dashboarding and bespoke analysis, help them anticipate key People decisions, and help them make those judgements???????????? with high confidence by providing the data they need. We also drive the charge on proactively identifying org-wide talent management opportunities to ensure we are attracting, retaining, and developing highly engaged and high performing teams. What you'll be doing (ie. Job Responsibilities) Building out and maintaining the People Analytics database. This includes constructing the architecture, and integrating multiple systems and data sources to build large and complex data sets to make them usable for analytics studies. Developing core metrics and dashboards to ensure our business leadership have easy access to the right information when monitoring organizational health and making talent decisions. Initiating and executing on data-guided analyses to help solve, inform, and support our Executive Team and our Employee Experience Centers of Excellence (i.e., Learning and Development; Total Rewards; Belonging, Inclusion, and Diversity, etc.) drive a highly engaged and performant employee base Leveraging our People Data to proactively identify new opportunities to drive high engagement, retention, and performance across the company. Working with our Employee Experience Centers of Excellence to design programs with end state analysis in mind Developing compelling, logically structured, and visually impressive presentations that will be shared at the Employee Experience Leadership Team and Executive Team level. Keeping up-to-date and introducing latest trends from technology, people analytics, and data science research to inform our team's strategy. What we look for in you (ie. Job Requirements) 6+ years relevant experience covering: statistical techniques, advanced research design, and analytics/decision sciences with expertise in predictive modeling, time series forecasting, natural language processing (content and sentiment analysis), network analysis, machine learning, data mining, etc. Experience with SQL, and other analytics tools, data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Google Data Studio), and data pipeline tools (e.g., Airflow). Experience managing and working with large databases, data management, including understanding of various data structures and common methods in data transformation, data validation and audit. Passion for HR innovation and a clear vision for how we can use People Analytics to drive meaningful impact towards business priorities. Excellent consulting and collaborative skills - ability to translate business problems into research/analytics studies, as well as ability to communicate the results of analyses with business partners to impact strategy and action High integrity and discretion. People data is some of our most sensitive data and we expect employees with access to this to act with utmost professionalism. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "People", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "6A09CFE1C17F37C7600317D5EAFAEB68", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, ethereum, visualization, tableau, wallet, data science, financial, privacy, data structures, machine learning, bitcoin, sql", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13997/people-data-science-and-analytics-lead/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "People Data Science and Analytics Lead | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13997/people-data-science-and-analytics-lead/"
}
