{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13958/product-manager-api-s/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Product Manager - API's | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "6FC5AA908716FA11D52D76E64FBE25CB",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13958/product-manager-api-s/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $500 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with offices in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. What you'll be responsible for: As a Product Manager on the Circle APIs team, you will own the planning and rollout of APIs that power our customers' payments, commerce and financial applications. You will interface with customers and work closely with engineering and other internal stakeholders to conceive and launch platform services that are used by hundreds of developers and impact millions of end users around the world. What you'll work on: Partner with our customers' product and engineering teams to understand their platform services requirements and translate those into business cases, feature themes, product requirements and roadmaps. Collaborate with various teams across Circle, communicating product vision and strategy, roadmaps, and gaining alignment as well as unblocking progress. Specify platform services needs in the form of requirements documents and user stories. Manage multiple projects and iterations alongside engineering, and ensure the delivery of platform services releases. Lead customer-facing documentation efforts - plan, write, and publish new / update existing developer documentation. Act as an evangelist for Circle APIs, articulating vision & value proposition, answering questions, and helping scale adoption across our developer ecosystem. What you'll bring to Circle: You have 2+ years of product management, technical program management or platform engineering experience. You deeply understand and are passionate about developers and making their work more meaningful and impactful. You have worked on the development of high-growth, large-scale cloud platforms or technical products used by teams of software engineers, such as application servers, SDKs and APIs. You ideally have a computer science degree, prior software engineering or technical work experience. You have proven ability as a strong communicator both verbally and in writing. You are used to interfacing with customers, architects, and developers. You have written technical and product documentation that people can actually understand. You are detail-oriented, highly analytical and comfortable digging into large datasets. You are a self-starter and fast-moving when it comes to putting plans into motion - you don't need to work from a script. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "USDC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
