{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11037/qa-automation-engineer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "QA Automation Engineer (Solutions) | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "737E097EC3231EDEF2501AC9C3CA5C8E",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11037/qa-automation-engineer-solutions/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we welcome you to this exciting opportunity. About ConsenSys Solutions ConsenSys Solutions is our Enterprise sales, consulting and services unit that provides strategic advisory, ideation and use case designing, and new venture and platform development services to enterprise and government clients - helping them discover, explore and develop blockchain solutions. Our teams have led some of the most innovative blockchain production implementations in the world. We are busy building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. We help governments and enterprises deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done across complex networks of buyers, suppliers and consumers. We are literally shaping the future of decentralized technology, and we're looking for exceptional talent to help us change the world! ConsenSys is a venture production studio focused on building and scaling tools and enterprise software products powered by Ethereum. Our mission is to use these solutions to power the emerging economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet.Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. ?? About the role: You will be a key contributor an important cog in ensuring we are able to deliver quality products to our end users. Acting as the gatekeeper between our development and user environments, you will work meticulously to test and retest products, seeking out defects and driving their resolution with our software engineers. Functional & black box testing?? Create and maintain detailed test scripts to verify software functionality and adherence to business requirements (manual and automated testing environments). Estimate, prioritize and plan testing activities Review requirements and provide knowledgeable feedback to ensure they are thorough and detailed Coordinate the execution of test scripts with QA, Project Managers, Developers, and business (internal or external) testers Create and maintain QA procedure documents; look for efficiencies and best practices to be applied to the test automation framework. Assist Developers and technical support staff in identifying and resolving defects Contribute to continuous improvement and proactively support knowledge sharing across broader QA team within ConsenSys Experience and Skills Proven QA experience within an digital web & mobile environment Experience of automation tools such as Selenium, Cucumber, etc. Experience with Javascript, React.js & React native Experience working in an agile development team Understand the value of commitments to delivery made by a development team Ability to work under pressure to resolve issues affecting the production services Outstanding prioritization and time management skills Possess strong communications and facilitation skills About you: Some knowledge of blockchain is a plus, a willingness to learn is welcomed Self-sufficient, self-starter and a fast learner Champion a culture that encourages new ideas Have an interest in new technology and innovation Always seek to improve product quality with a kean focus on the end user Eager to take on new responsibilities as needed An advocate for excellence and willingness to effect change when necessary Desired: BSc/MSc in Computer Science or related subject Certification of quality control is a strong advantage ConsenSys is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to ensuring that our technology is made available and accessible to everyone. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. ConsenSys is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices and we encourage all applicants to review our best practices to protect yourself which can be found here. Email me jobs like this About Token Foundry @ ConsenSys Consensys is a venture studio harnessing the power of Ethereum to build decentralized infrastructure and applications.??At the Token Foundry we look to onboard promising blockchain projects??and help facilitate safe and transparent token sales with sound protocol architectures. We have a strong sense of cryptoeconomics, game theory and decentralized ledger??systems to help consult??projects and??facilitate a new token economy!?? ",
    "Location": "Enterprise, United States",
    "CompanyName": "ConsenSys",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
