{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11130/associate-erm-program-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Associate ERM Program Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "7689399CB47634983670DAE112A242B4",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11130/associate-erm-program-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties):Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Support the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team in meeting its overarching goals, via implementation and maintenance of its ERM Framework including policy and process, risk taxonomy and enterprise-wide GRC tool Perform Second Line of Defense (2LoD) monitoring, oversight and reporting activities Document all aspects of risk mitigation processes including risks, controls, policies, procedures/mitigation plans, and process flows Collaborate with and support different functions in their performance and documentation of risk assessments mandated by regulators in different states and/or countries Assist the first line by providing subject matter expertise for residual risk and control design (ICFR, ITGCs, SOC1, SOC2, etc.); Liaison with the third line and external auditors providing centralized point of contact for audit inquiries?? Create further accountability for enterprise risks by initiating periodic (quarterly) workshops with business risk owners to ensure risk appetites, risk profiles, and KRIs (key risk indicators) are accurately measured for Management based on real-time business input Maintain communication channels and forums for emerging risks to be raised and brought to the Risk Committee (as needed) including risk assessments associated with new products, services, currencies, or new entities?? Monitor, aggregate, and report on control metrics (design and operational efficiency, gaps/deficiencies) based on input from departmental business partners; oversee remediation from a project management perspective Act as custodian of Coinbase's global document repository (policies, processes/procedures, guidelines); oversee Global/local Board adoption of approved documents?? Collate and prepare materials for centralized Risk Committee and the Board of Directors and Audit and Compliance Committees Develop and drive ERM educational content and initiatives to continuously improve user adoption of GRC tool and ongoing participation in value-add risk and controls discussion and documentation?? What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Degree in accounting/finance or related fields 4+ years of financial services or technology experience in Professional Services (Audit/Advisory), Risk Management, Finance, Accounting, Compliance or related functions Experience with ICFR/SOX Exceptional analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills?? Ability to travel regionally, at times internationally Nice to haves: Experience working in a fast paced organization?? Entrepreneurial attitude and experience with, or the ability to adapt to, a rapidly growing start-up with associated complexities and ambiguities Effective project management skills with the ability to oversee multiple projects at any one time Ability to work across functions and time zones Understanding of crypto, payments and/or financial services industry, and experience in assessing risk or auditing information systems and controls?? Experience utilizing the following tools: GRC tool (RSA Archer preferred), JIRA, Confluence, GSuite, Lucidchart/Visio, Looker Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "ERM",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
