{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11097/engineering-manager-users/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Engineering Manager, Users | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "7B3D6D9112F7413BED5E1AFD843D3F1C",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11097/engineering-manager-users/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Users team is core to executing on Coinbase's mission: to create an open financial system for the world. We build shared backend services that aim to swiftly and accurately answer the questions \"who is this customer?\" (i.e. authentication) and?? \"is this customer who they say they are?\" (i.e. verification). The team owns services that handle user data proofing and document verification, user authentication and authorization and the centralized source of truth for all customer data at Coinbase. This is where you come in - as an EM on the Users team, you will work with your manager, peers and reports to define, own, and execute the future of user-related services at Coinbase. You will grow the team to meet the needs of a rapidly growing organization, and mentor engineers on the team. You will champion engineering standards and best practices, and work closely with compliance, fraud, security, customer success, infrastructure and product teams at Coinbase to execute towards the team's multi-year vision and roadmap. Being a part of the team, you will be involved in projects that will help you build / grow your expertise in domains like Know Your Customer (KYC), Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Identity Documentation Verification, Proof of Address, Customer Master, Unified User Authentication, Second Factor Authentication (2FA). You will also learn best practices and apply industry latest standards in security by partnering closely with the security team at Coinbase. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Grow and develop the team Hire engineers on the team Build processes that enable engineers to collaborate and work together Take actions and focus efforts to ensure high engagement and health for the team Introduce industry best practices and technologies where applicable Represent the team cross-functionally and create visibility for the team Work with engineers, product managers, and other team leads to define the team's vision and turn it into a tangible roadmap every quarter Be hands-on and if needed help build our systems (e.g. write code, take on-call rotations and review projects with engineers) Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction?? What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): You exhibit our core values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution You have at least 5 years of experience in backend software engineering and at least 2 years of engineering management experience You have experience attracting, hiring and retaining great talent on your team; you have experience mentoring senior engineers You know what high-quality code - and software engineering processes - look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them You're passionate about building an open financial system for the world Nice to haves: You've worked on breaking down a monolithic application into multiple services?? You've built high reliability or security systems Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
