{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11033/devops-engineer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "DevOps Engineer (Solutions) | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "7CBDA8C8456E9BB24927167287E600E1",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11033/devops-engineer-solutions/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we welcome you to this exciting opportunity. About ConsenSys Solutions ConsenSys Solutions is our Enterprise sales, consulting and services unit that provides strategic advisory, ideation and use case designing, and new venture and platform development services to enterprise and government clients - helping them discover, explore and develop blockchain solutions. Our teams have led some of the most innovative blockchain production implementations in the world. We are busy building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. We help governments and enterprises deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done across complex networks of buyers, suppliers and consumers. About the role As DevOps Engineer at ConsenSys you will be joining a world reference technical team with State of the Art expertise in developing & delivering advanced decentralized applications (??apps). Your job will be to ensure the best possible evolution of our production infrastructure, you will get highly involved in our code deployment (CI / CD) and you will develop scripts to check systems health & automatically respond to alerts. This position requires a combination of technological skills, pro-activity, problem solving & creativity, pedagogical methodology and team spirit. It involves collaborating with cross-functional teams (made of PO, developers, solution architects, designers, QA consultants...), working on multiple types of problems & challenges, planning for future platform growth, as well as effectively reacting when things go wrong with one of our products in production. Job requirements Required 4+ years experience in Systems Engineering/DevOps role Experience as a developer in one or more of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python Experience with monitoring systems (ELK, EFK, Prometheus) Experience with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) Exceptional background in Linux/Unix Systems Experience with Docker containerization and orchestration with Kubernetes Experience configuring and running CI platforms such as Jenkins, GitLab-CI, Circle, Travis... Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, OVH, Google Cloud... Good understanding of networking concepts (load balancers, routers) Experience with setting-up highly secure infrastructures with no Single Point of Failure Bonus points for Experience with infrastructure automation such as Puppet, Ansible, Vagrant, cloud-init... Understanding Blockchain technology, especially Ethereum Experience in deploying Blockchain infrastructures using Parity of Geth Contribution to Open-Source projects Experience with Back End programming Languages such as Python, GoLang or Rust Other skills to demonstrate Teamwork, flexibility, initiative, communication and organisation Willingness to constantly learn & improve, challenging yourself to stay at the top of your game Why join ConsenSys? Here are some of the perks of being part of a unique organization like ConsenSys The forefront of a revolution. At ConsenSys we fundamentally believe that a next generation of technologies presents the opportunity to create a more just and equitable society. We believe that there is an opportunity to bring the remaining 2 billion unbanked people into the global economy and to radically transform our society for the enrichment of humankind A dynamic startup environment. ConsenSys is a thought leader in the blockchain space and we are absorbing a significant portion of the mindshare. This is both exciting and challenging, as we learn to scale our organization while adhering to the principles of decentralization Deep technical challenges. This entire ecosystem is less than 10 years old. Ethereum itself is still a toddler. There is much to be done before these platforms can scale to the order of millions or billions of users. ConsenSys is building the technology platforms that can get us to those next thresholds of scale Continuous learning and improvements. You'll be constantly exposed to new concepts, ideas and frameworks from your peers and as you work on different projects -- challenging you to stay at the top of your game A few important things to know Some travel could be required. Projects may be on client sites, so our team members need to be flexible and up for travel. We do our best to take people's personal situations into account, but we know it's not for everyone ConsenSys is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to ensuring that our technology is made available and accessible to everyone. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. ConsenSys is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices and we encourage all applicants to review our best practices to protect yourself which can be found?? here. Email me jobs like this About Token Foundry @ ConsenSys Consensys is a venture studio harnessing the power of Ethereum to build decentralized infrastructure and applications.??At the Token Foundry we look to onboard promising blockchain projects??and help facilitate safe and transparent token sales with sound protocol architectures. We have a strong sense of cryptoeconomics, game theory and decentralized ledger??systems to help consult??projects and??facilitate a new token economy!?? ",
    "Location": "Enterprise, United States",
    "CompanyName": "ConsenSys",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
