{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11228/senior-payroll-account-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?state=Utah&country=United%20States",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Payroll Account Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "7E562460D131C8E3FA194EC9D624F6B8",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11228/senior-payroll-account-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " About Us Our mission is simple: we want to set people free to do great work . People love our software, and it turns out that people love working here , too. We've been recognized repeatedly for our workplace culture, we're a certified \" Great Place to Work , \" and we're proud of our multiple product and service awards . Why You Should Apply First impressions are crucial in relationships. At BambooHR, every interaction with a client is an opportunity to make a difference in their professional-and often their personal-lives. One way we do this is by providing new clients with an exceptional onboarding experience; setting them up for a successful journey with BambooHR. As you know, payroll is a complex function, so our aim is to remove the complexity from the integration process. We bring to the table a world-class implementation process and you bring your own personalized flavor to the experience you provide to our clients. If you're looking for an influential role within an established organization, where you will be able to make meaningful contributions-not only to our clients but in the overall company goals-let's talk! What You'll Do As a Senior Payroll Account Manager, you will assist new clients in implementing and optimizing our payroll software to their organizational needs. You'll join forces with our exceptional Payroll Implementation Team and you will be given the tools to be successful. Because of your extensive experience in processing different types of payrolls in multiple states, you will assist in the ongoing development of processes. You will also have the opportunity to mentor and lead our junior implementation specialists. Specifically, you will: Mentor Jr. Payroll Project Managers and help train new hires Successfully guide new payroll clients through their set up of the BambooHR payroll product Handle complex payroll setups Analyze deduction setups for taxing accuracy Calculate pre- and post-tax deductions to determine taxable wages and to validate taxes Un-bundle tax types that were rolled up by prior vendors Work with different tax types and each state's differing requirements Audit payroll data for accuracy and validity What You Need to Get the Job Done Realistically, you'll need at least 5 years of compelling and diverse payroll processing experience to proficiently accomplish the tasks of this role. That said, we understand that years of experience is relative-five years of payroll experience in one company can be very different than five years of experience in another. So, we're mostly interested in the experience you've acquired over those years. Here are a few things you should bring into this role: Experience calculating and processing various types of payrolls in multiple states Experience with different payroll setups and a solid understanding of payroll processes, industry-wide Knowledge of various tax laws from different states, deductions, withholdings, amendments, garnishments, and other payroll functions Ability to manage your time and deadlines while juggling multiple tasks Strong written and oral communication skills Proficient project management experience Impeccable attention to detail Demonstrable Excel proficiency Ability to learn new software (we are a software company, after all) What You'll Love About Us Great Company Culture. We've been recognized by multiple organizations like Salt Lake Tribune , Glassdoor , & Comparably for our great workplace culture. Meaningful Work. You won't just be a cog in a wheel. All Bambooligans have a big impact and are expected to make their work count. Work that Stays at Work. Genuine work/life balance served here! Rest and Relaxation. 4 weeks paid time off, 11 paid holidays, and we pay you to go on vacation (ask us about this)! Health Benefits . Medical with HSA and FSA options, dental, and vision. Prepare for the Future. 401(k) with a generous company match. Financial Peace University. Bamboo pays for you to take the class , and you walk away with financial savvy and a bonus. An Equal Opportunity Employer--M/F/D/V Because our team members are trusted to handle sensitive information, we require all candidates that receive and accept employment offers to complete a background check before being hired. Email me jobs like this About AlphaPoint AlphaPoint is a financial technology company that powers digital asset networks and provides institutions a Distributed Ledger Platform to digitize, trade, and manage any asset. Its secure, scalable, and customizable platform enables customers to digitize assets and reduce operational costs with its blockchain technology. AlphaPoint powers digital asset networks on 5 continents, and is led by a seasoned team with 150+ years in financial technology. AlphaPoint has offices in New York City, Philadelphia, and San Francisco. ",
    "Location": "Salt Lake, United States",
    "CompanyName": "HSA",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
