{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13977/support-analyst-custody/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Support Analyst, Custody | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "861177A52941C54A8828A0A22B00D4F5",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13977/support-analyst-custody/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: New York, NY Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. As an Analyst, Client Services, you'll join a high functioning team of passionate support professionals whose performance is critical to Coinbase achieving its mission. You will serve as a subject matter expert for Coinbase's institutional suite of products (Prime, Custody), providing world-class service and support to our most valued clients and coverage team. Diligent, empathetic, and have a bias towards action, you will play a crucial role in the success of the Client Services organization as we help build the cryptoeconomy.?? What you'll be doing: Serve as a domain expert across multiple channels, supporting our highest value customers and institutions on Coinbase's institutional products (including Prime and Custody) Provide white glove support to our highest priority global clients through phone, email and video calls in an articulate and empathetic manner Make informed, data-driven decisions through a thorough understanding of metrics and the business Drive impactful changes across workflows and tools by partnering with the sales, engineering, and product teams Continuously add value through effective project management, decisive prioritization, and efficient execution Set a high bar for support analysts within the organization by setting an example through performance and work ethic Operationalize new and existing policies, processes, and procedures related to the Client Services scope Facilitate prospect and client demo calls, serving as subject matter expert on product features and answering technical cryptocurrency related questions Serve as the voice of the customer to internal teams including Advocacy, Engineering and Product when surfacing bugs, incidents, and product feedback Participate in a weekend on-call rotation and serve as an escalation point for high priority requests or complex investigations What we look for in you: Motivated by Coinbase's mission and creating a seamless, scalable support experience for our global customer base Experience with high priority clients, compliance, product support, payments, fraud, or other relevant operational domains Understanding of cryptocurrency, global financial markets, and/or trading platforms Must work within defined shift hours and participate in an on-call rotation, as required by the business Minimum of 4 years of relevant experience in financial services, technology and/or customer support Experience with different channels of support, including voice, e-mail and/or chat Fantastic communication skills in order to operate across multiple departments, stakeholders, and clients Flexible and adaptable to meet the evolving needs of a high-growth and fast paced organization Travel requirements up to 20% to Coinbase offices and client locations (depending on business need) Nice to haves: Advanced degree in business, finance or CX Experience in API Support Proficiency in one or more of the following languages: French,?? German,?? Japanese, Mandarin or another language Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Client",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
