{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA???????????? Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Based in SF and reporting into a member of the Senior Compliance leadership team, the Senior Manager Global KYC/Onboarding position is part of the AML function in the Enterprise Compliance team. The role will be responsible for managing a team responsible for the global Coinbase KYC/Onboarding program including setting and adhering to KYC, CDD policies, procedures and standards appropriate for each jurisdiction in which Coinbase operates. You will serve as the global KYC/CDD/Onboarding subject matter expert and escalation point for both to the wider AML function and X-functionally and manage relevant projects related to onboarding/domestic or international expansion/remediation projects. You will be required to build strong working relationships x-functionally, particularly with the Coverage team and work with senior compliance leadership in setting departmental priorities and resource planning and allocation to align with business objectives and annual plans.???????????? To be successful in this role you will need to be quick to learn the business, have an enthusiastic and positive attitude and have a strong knowledge of KYC and AML best practices. The role will include responsibility for certain core compliance activities such as assisting with regulatory responses including OFAC, FinCEN, JFSA, CBI and FCA responses, compliance policy document updates, and other general core compliance activities. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Ensure KYC/Onboarding policies, procedures and processes are kept up to date and appropriate for the global AML program model Stay abreast of relevant regulatory changes or new regulatory requirements and scope compliance impact requirements to ensure timely implementation as needed Cross functional collaboration with the other Compliance and business teams on emerging regulations. Develop, implement and maintain team standard operating procedures ensuring global consistency where possible Research, develop and establish methodologies, protocols and processes to facilitate or enhance the client onboarding experience. Guide and oversee a quality assurance program over first line or compliance operational staff output and escalations Serve as an enterprise-wide advisor of AML/KYC & Onboarding/CDD compliance risks to the organization, educating the business and helping them design and/or remediate controls weaknesses and in response to regulatory exam or CMT program findings???????????? Serve as an escalation point for complex issues within and outside the Compliance team Collaborate with global compliance operation owners of risks and controls to ensure cohesive and comprehensive external interactions with banking partners, clients and regulators Collaborate with international teams to prepare and document responses and gather materials for licence applications, third party partners, and examination agendas globally; ensure accuracy of responses, leveraging prior communications or responses to ensure consistency Collaborate with Vendor Management team to establish compliance related third party risk and control effectiveness of external and/or third party control environments Collaborate with internal and external audit assurance providers globally to maintain open lines of communication on assurance initiatives at Coinbase Strategic Objectives Support development of strategically aligned OKRs Oversee and drive the OKR achievement and delivery of key initiatives Employee Engagement Enact and advocate the Coinbase Values and Culture Encourage team participation in the semi-annual Employee Engagement surveys What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Relevant degree level qualification Understanding of the Institutional space, including in the traditional finance, payments industry an/or crypto industry Experience with interacting with state and national regulators Exceptional analytical skills Strong communication skills and presence: ability to interface with regulators and executive teams Work in a cross functional and matrixed environment Ability to travel regionally, at times internationally Nice to haves: Experience working in a fast paced global organization???????????? Entrepreneurial attitude and experience with, or the ability to adapt to, a rapidly growing start-up with associated complexities and ambiguities Effective project management skills with the ability to oversee multiple projects at any one time Ability to work across functions and time zones Understanding of/strong interest in blockchain technology and crypto, payments and/or financial services industry Knowledge of BitLicense and NY DFS Trust Company License requirements Knowledge of key global regulatory agents and regimes Global experience in assessing governance related risks and controls or auditing information systems and controls???????????? Experience either working inside a global financial regulatory agency or managing global regulatory compliance programs and examinations for a regulated financial institution Management experience in a matrixed environment and technology/fintech organization Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "CBI", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "877F6990BF90771523C211B65E25A892", 
    "KeyTerms": "wallet, anti money laundering, analytical, financial, privacy, banking, cryptocurrency, ethereum, kyc, compliance, collaboration, information systems, protocols, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11235/senior-manager-global-kyc-onboarding/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Manager, Global KYC/Onboarding | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11235/senior-manager-global-kyc-onboarding/"
}
