{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11091/staff-software-engineer-reliability/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=New%20York",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Staff Software Engineer, Reliability | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "8C5E3507DFB3466E81D9695CE09B8E77",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11091/staff-software-engineer-reliability/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: New York, NY Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Reliability Engineering team helps realize that vision by supporting Coinbase engineering teams to build software that is world-class in terms of its reliability. As a core service team, the Coinbase Reliability Engineers work closely with the rest of engineering. We actively seek out and gather the state-of-the-art, best practices from the industry at large. Through education and advocacy, we seek to ensure that reliability is a core value of our engineering culture. We level up other engineers by sharing deep knowledge, performing proactive analysis and improving processes, tools, and automation. Ultimately, Reliability Engineering succeeds when all engineering teams are able to build reliable software on their own. We're looking for a Staff Software Engineer to balance the role of an individual contributor while also anchoring new projects, leading technical direction and mentoring other engineers on the team. We highly value individuals with intellectual curiosity and openness. We collaborate across the organization, helping our engineers think big and take risks while building a culture of diversity, positive energy and blameless truth-seeking. Blog Posts: Reliability Engineering at Coinbase , gRPC to AWS Lambda: Is it Possible? Scale & Integrations: 5 Million Users , 33 Countries , NYSE Integrations Transparency: Public Post-Mortems , Open Sourcing Our Infrastructure ??What you'll be doing: Design and implement foundational infrastructure components used by every engineering team in production (e.g. dynamic configuration, secrets storage, container orchestration, etc). Pro-actively find and analyze reliability problems across our business units and stack, then design and implement software to create step-function improvements. Build automation and improve systems to eliminate toil and operations work. Educate, mentor and hold accountable the engineering team to improve the reliability of our systems and make reliability a core value of the Coinbase engineering culture. Work closely with product engineering teams in improving observability to identify and measure SLIs and corresponding SLOs. ??Projects you could work on: Developing extremely high performance and reliable dynamic configuration systems supporting a service oriented architecture. Improving observability of shared services frameworks used across the entire company. Automate the incident response process to eliminate troil and improve communication. Embed with customers to solve totally new problems in operating crypto, fiat and trading systems at scale. ??What we look for in you: At least 7+ years software engineering experience in industry. Experience working with containers and container orchestration systems (Docker, ECS, EKS, etc). Understanding of data structures & algorithms especially as they pertain to performance and reliability. Ability to debug complex systems and evolve a running environment while maximizing availability. Fluent in at least one programming language such as Golang, Ruby, or Python. Knowledge of UNIX/Linux system internals such as system calls, TCP/IP and debugging tools. ??Nice to haves: Exposure to both NoSQL and SQL database technologies such as DynamoDB, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, AWS Aurora. Fluent in Golang. Experience with observability and monitoring systems such as Kibana, Datadog, etc. ?? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
