{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14006/corporate-counsel/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Corporate Counsel | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "8F7B95ECF9AE45F06A679EFB2850C08B",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14006/corporate-counsel/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-06",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are looking for an exceptional attorney to join our corporate team. You will work on some of the most exciting and challenging legal issues that impact fast-growth, late-stage private technology companies. Working closely with business executives and operations teams, your responsibilities will include supporting governance of multiple, regulated, operating and subsidiary entities in the U.S. and overseas, supporting legal work on mergers & acquisitions, Coinbase Ventures investments, corporate transactional matters, and generally supporting the work of our high-output corporate team. You will also be responsible for providing prompt, incisive, and practical advice to business team members across a broad array of corporate matters as we continue to expand the business in the U.S. and abroad. What You'll Be Doing (i.e., Job Duties)?? Support general corporate governance, including coordinating preparation of board materials, board and stockholder consents, and related matters pertaining to international and domestic subsidiary governance. Support legal work across all corporate development activities including ventures investments, mergers & acquisitions, stock tenders and strategic partnerships at all stages of the deal from term sheet, to due diligence, negotiating definitive agreements, and post-closing integration.?????? Support legal operations, including law firm budgeting, and other external partner support. Be the primary or alternate point of contact to several business team members across corporate matters and assist on multiple simultaneous transactional matters at any given time. Provide creative, innovative, and effective legal solutions for business stakeholders on routinely short timelines. Be an outstanding collaborator with the colleagues in legal, finance, tax, and business operations. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) Approximately two or more years of relevant corporate legal experience at a leading national firm, or comparable in house practice, with exposure to high growth technology companies. Excellent project management, negotiation, drafting, and time management skills.?? Excellent judgement, analytic rigor, and business pragmatism. Must be active and in good standing in one State Bar in the United States, preferably in California. A whip-smart and detail-oriented attorney. Nice to haves ?? Experience with regulated financial services firms. Familiarity with the cryptocurrency industry. ?? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants: Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
