{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11225/general-application-payroll-support-specialist/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "General Application - Payroll Support Specialist | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "90B404F21D4D4C11214684237662773F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11225/general-application-payroll-support-specialist/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Welcome! Thank you for your interest in BambooHR ! If you're looking to get into the fast-paced world of Payroll, you've come to the right place! Although we are not currently hiring for this team , we're using this open application to give you a head-start in expressing interest so we can consider you once we are hiring for this position again. Make sure to read everything carefully below, and thanks again! About Us Our mission is simple: we want to set people free to do meaningful work. People love our software--and it turns out that people love working here too. We've been recognized as a \"Best Company to Work For ,\" and we're proud of our team for receiving awards for workplace effectiveness and flexibility. How This Works You'll receive a confirmation email letting you know that we received your application. You won't hear from us right away, but don't worry! Once we are hiring for this position, a member of our Talent Acquisition team will review your application and notify you of the next steps in the process. At BambooHR, we're growing a lot, so we love considering people that have already seen the great things that Bamboo has to offer! Things We Ask of You 1) We want you to find the right job for your skills and future career goals, so please make sure you don't submit an application here if you've already applied to another opening. This will help us better understand what you're really interested in. 2) Make sure you tell us the kind of position you want most and are most qualified for. What's your wheelhouse? Your passion? What kind of work really drives you? Positions are pretty competitive here, so this will allow us to look into positions that would give you the best chance. Job Overview and Responsibilities What You'll Do When Payroll first met Support, it didn't seem like they had a lot in common. Payroll loved complex calculations and fast-paced change while Support wanted to focus on people and helping others. But with the help of BambooHR, they decided to work together. Thus, the Payroll Support Specialist position was born-the best combination since chocolate and peanut butter. This is not your run-of-the-mill support job. As a Payroll Support Specialist and a member of our wonderful Payroll Support Team , you'll have the opportunity to truly set people free to do great work. You'll do this by providing exceptional email and phone support to our payroll clients through careful troubleshooting and problem-solving-like the Sherlock Holmes of payroll support! If you've got passion and enthusiasm for customer service and a desire to learn payroll, we'll give you the training, tools, and environment to succeed. Here's a quick snapshot of what you'll do: Provide email and phone support for customers that love our software Provide solutions to questions regarding deductions, garnishments, the BambooHR payroll software, etc. (if you don't already know this, don't worry, we'll teach you!) Research solutions to challenging problems our clients face Help clients integrate and utilize the software in the best way possible Do your best, focused work, Monday through Friday (no weekends!) What You Need to Get the Job Done If you're passionate about providing exceptional service and would like to learn (or have some experience in) payroll, this is a great start. If you enjoy or have experience in credit unions, accounting, finance, statistics, or other related fields., payroll may come naturally to you. Here's what we're looking for: Enthusiasm about customer experience Desire to learn payroll support (or previous experience in payroll) Articulate and concise in both written and oral communication Impeccable attention to detail Tech-savvy (you'll need to become familiar with a lot of different software) Live in the state of Utah (this is not a remote position) Ability to shift between tasks with ease Ability to type 60+ words per minute What You'll Love About Us Great Company Culture. We've been recognized by multiple organizations like Salt Lake T ribune , Glassdoor , & Comparably for our great workplace culture. Work that Stays at Work. Genuine work/life balance served here! Rest and Relaxation. 4 weeks paid time off, 11 paid holidays, and we pay you to go on vacation (ask us about this)! Health Benefits . Medical with HSA and FSA options, dental, and vision. Prepare for the Future. 401(k) with a generous company match. Financial Peace University. Bamboo pays for you to take the class , and you walk away with financial savvy and a bonus. An Equal Opportunity Employer--M/F/D/V Because our team members are trusted to handle sensitive information, we require all candidates that receive and accept employment offers to complete a background check before being hired. Email me jobs like this About AlphaPoint AlphaPoint is a financial technology company that powers digital asset networks and provides institutions a Distributed Ledger Platform to digitize, trade, and manage any asset. Its secure, scalable, and customizable platform enables customers to digitize assets and reduce operational costs with its blockchain technology. AlphaPoint powers digital asset networks on 5 continents, and is led by a seasoned team with 150+ years in financial technology. AlphaPoint has offices in New York City, Philadelphia, and San Francisco. ",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "Best",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
