{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11033/devops-engineer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11034/full-stack-developer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11035/head-of-institutional-marketing/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11037/qa-automation-engineer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11042/technical-lead/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11081/senior-software-engineer-infrastructure/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11085/staff-software-engineer-cloud/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11094/staff-software-engineer-reliability/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11189/customer-success-associate-turkish-speaking/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11205/assistant-controller/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11208/social-media-community-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13472/business-operations-lead-europe/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14107/controller/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14128/tech-lead-senior-developer-codefi/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14146/infrastructure-and-tools-engineer-devops-pegasys/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14152/senior-systems-administrator/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14154/strategic-sales-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England&country=United%20Kingdom",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?state=England"
    ],
    "LinkUrlMatch": "Jobs | Blocktribe",
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Jobs | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "9FDBBB471D140771CE61FFDBA02961AF",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Blockchain Jobs Blockchain Companies Post a Blockchain Job Applicant Search Pricing Blog FAQs FAQ - Employers FAQ - Job Seekers How to get a career as a blockchain developer Log in Sign up Blockchain Jobs Blockchain Companies Post a Blockchain Job Applicant Search Pricing Blog FAQs FAQ - Employers FAQ - Job Seekers How to get a career as a blockchain developer Find Jobs 17 jobs found Refine Search Find Jobs Current Search Permanent England Refine by Country United Kingdom  (17) Email me jobs like this Strategic Sales Manager Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK ConsenSys is a leading blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet. We are looking for an experienced Sales Manager with key focus on Financial Services based in London or Paris to join our Strategic Sales Team. Thanks to your already established network within the financial industry (Capital Market, Asset Management and Insurance) , you will be selling to top accounts in this industry and working with Fortune 2000 calibre clients in the UK or France and across Europe. To thrive in this role, you will be confident when entering a board room setting and skilled at leading and supporting complex conversations with ease. We want people who are comfortable being... Jun 19, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is a leading blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet. We are looking for an experienced Sales Manager with key focus on Financial Services based in London or Paris to join our Strategic Sales Team. Thanks to your already established network within the financial industry (Capital Market, Asset Management and Insurance) , you will be selling to top accounts in this industry and working with Fortune 2000 calibre clients in the UK or France and across Europe. To thrive in this role, you will be confident when entering a board room setting and skilled at leading and supporting complex conversations with ease. We want people who are comfortable being... Senior Systems Administrator Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK Senior Systems Administrator   About ConsenSys: ConsenSys is a product technology company focused on building and scaling tools and enterprise software products powered by Ethereum. Our mission is to use these solutions to power the emerging economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where self-direction, determination, and resilience are prerequisites, we would love to hear from you. About the role: As a Senior Systems Administrator on the Technology & Security team, you will assist with the day-to-day technical operations of ConsenSys staff and the systems they utilize, both locally and remote. You will also serve as a technical project manager on numerous larger-scale infrastructure and technology projects that affect the organization at large.... Jun 19, 2020 Permanent Senior Systems Administrator   About ConsenSys: ConsenSys is a product technology company focused on building and scaling tools and enterprise software products powered by Ethereum. Our mission is to use these solutions to power the emerging economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where self-direction, determination, and resilience are prerequisites, we would love to hear from you. About the role: As a Senior Systems Administrator on the Technology & Security team, you will assist with the day-to-day technical operations of ConsenSys staff and the systems they utilize, both locally and remote. You will also serve as a technical project manager on numerous larger-scale infrastructure and technology projects that affect the organization at large.... Infrastructure and Tools Engineer / DevOps (PegaSys) Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK About ConsenSys ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet.  If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. About PegaSys: The Protocol Engineering team within ConsenSys aims to cultivate an ecosystem of blockchain protocols and tools to enable a more effective and decentralized world. We'll achieve this through working with the Ethereum community to develop innovative enterprise-grade protocols and tools, which are scalable, reliable and easy to deploy. Learn more about our products and team at www.pegasys.tech.  We're... Jun 18, 2020 Permanent About ConsenSys ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet.  If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. About PegaSys: The Protocol Engineering team within ConsenSys aims to cultivate an ecosystem of blockchain protocols and tools to enable a more effective and decentralized world. We'll achieve this through working with the Ethereum community to develop innovative enterprise-grade protocols and tools, which are scalable, reliable and easy to deploy. Learn more about our products and team at www.pegasys.tech.  We're... Tech Lead/ Senior Developer (CoDeFi) Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK Senior Software Developer / Tech Lead ConsenSys - Codefi Assets About ConsenSys ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet.  If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. About Codefi Institutional Product Group   This ConsenSys group is focused on two products: Codefi Assets enables the manufacturing, issuance, sale, trading and use of digital assets representing either real world assets (commodities, good, etc.) or financial assets (shares of funds, bonds, syndicated loans, etc.) in a secure way and compliant with... Jun 16, 2020 Permanent Senior Software Developer / Tech Lead ConsenSys - Codefi Assets About ConsenSys ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet.  If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. About Codefi Institutional Product Group   This ConsenSys group is focused on two products: Codefi Assets enables the manufacturing, issuance, sale, trading and use of digital assets representing either real world assets (commodities, good, etc.) or financial assets (shares of funds, bonds, syndicated loans, etc.) in a secure way and compliant with... Controller Blockchain London, UK Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for an Controller to join our growing finance team. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Reconcile bank, cryptocurrency wallets and credit card accounts. Providing month end support and reporting Review T&E charges and ensure spending is in line with company's policy. Own bi-weekly payroll processing. Prepare Statutory Accounts filings in accordance with local GAAP Ensure all invoices are coded correctly and paid in a timely manner. Prepare journal entries for group controller's approval. Prepare general ledger account analysis. Manage the month end close process. Maintain P&L and balance sheet reconciliations and research missing expense and any large... Jun 13, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for an Controller to join our growing finance team. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Reconcile bank, cryptocurrency wallets and credit card accounts. Providing month end support and reporting Review T&E charges and ensure spending is in line with company's policy. Own bi-weekly payroll processing. Prepare Statutory Accounts filings in accordance with local GAAP Ensure all invoices are coded correctly and paid in a timely manner. Prepare journal entries for group controller's approval. Prepare general ledger account analysis. Manage the month end close process. Maintain P&L and balance sheet reconciliations and research missing expense and any large... Business Operations Lead, Europe Coinbase London, UK Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Apr 12, 2020 Permanent Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Assistant Controller Blockchain London, UK Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for a Assistant Controller to join our growing finance team. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Reconcile bank, cryptocurrencies wallets and credit card accounts. Providing month end support and reporting Review T&E charges and ensure spending is in line with company's policy. Assist manager with bi-weekly payroll processing. Ensure all invoices are coded correctly and paid in a timely manner. Prepare journal entries for manager's approval. Prepare general ledger account analysis. Participate in the month end close process. Assist in the maintenance of P&L and balance sheet reconciliations and research missing expense and any large variances. Assist in the... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. We are looking for a Assistant Controller to join our growing finance team. WHAT YOU WILL DO: Reconcile bank, cryptocurrencies wallets and credit card accounts. Providing month end support and reporting Review T&E charges and ensure spending is in line with company's policy. Assist manager with bi-weekly payroll processing. Ensure all invoices are coded correctly and paid in a timely manner. Prepare journal entries for manager's approval. Prepare general ledger account analysis. Participate in the month end close process. Assist in the maintenance of P&L and balance sheet reconciliations and research missing expense and any large variances. Assist in the... Social Media & Community Manager Blockchain London, UK Blockchain.com's marketing team is looking for a social media & community manager to engage and interact with our global, diverse, and passionate customer base. You'll manage and support the company's owned channels, speak directly with users, and act as the Company's brand ambassador - spreading our love for crypto 24/7. What You Will Do: Engage the Blockchain.com community online and in person at meetups and crypto events. Develop and own Blockchain.coms social media presence and define social media strategy across all social channels and xfn teams - from ideation to execution with a focus on community creation and engagement Create a social strategy that's driven by business goals, informed by data and experimentation, infused with creativity, and following industry best-practices Manage and own the calendar and day-to-day production of Blockchain.com's social media content, setting and enforcing deadlines and processes Listen and... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain.com's marketing team is looking for a social media & community manager to engage and interact with our global, diverse, and passionate customer base. You'll manage and support the company's owned channels, speak directly with users, and act as the Company's brand ambassador - spreading our love for crypto 24/7. What You Will Do: Engage the Blockchain.com community online and in person at meetups and crypto events. Develop and own Blockchain.coms social media presence and define social media strategy across all social channels and xfn teams - from ideation to execution with a focus on community creation and engagement Create a social strategy that's driven by business goals, informed by data and experimentation, infused with creativity, and following industry best-practices Manage and own the calendar and day-to-day production of Blockchain.com's social media content, setting and enforcing deadlines and processes Listen and... Customer Success Associate - Turkish Speaking Blockchain London, UK Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Turkish customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Operations Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain's portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media.This position will be based in our London office and requires flexible working hours, this does mean during busy periods you will be required to work some evenings and/or weekends. The suitablecandidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Turkish customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Operations Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain's portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media.This position will be based in our London office and requires flexible working hours, this does mean during busy periods you will be required to work some evenings and/or weekends. The suitablecandidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the... Senior Software Engineer, Infrastructure Coinbase London, UK Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Staff Software Engineer, Cloud Coinbase London, UK Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Staff Software Engineer, Reliability Coinbase London, UK Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent Location: London, UK Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to... Technical Lead Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... QA Automation Engineer (Solutions) Token Foundry @ ConsenSys 154 Willesden Ln, Kilburn, London NW6 7TH, UK ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... DevOps Engineer (Solutions) Token Foundry @ ConsenSys 94 Parkway, Camden Town, London NW1 7AN, UK ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Full Stack Developer (Solutions) Token Foundry @ ConsenSys 94 Parkway, Camden Town, London NW1 7AN, UK ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we... Head of Institutional Marketing Token Foundry @ ConsenSys London, UK ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet. As Institutional Marketing Lead, you will report to the CMO and oversee the Institutional and Enterprise marketing channel across all Marketing functions and relevant product teams at ConsenSys. You will work closely with the Sales & Services team to define and execute a Go-to-Market strategy for the Institutional and Enterprise channel, focusing on a subset of sectors in Financial Services, Commerce, and Global Trade. This role requires a deep understanding of the Financial Services industry and experience marketing to Institutional clients. It will involve developing compelling messages, stories and case... Apr 03, 2020 Permanent ConsenSys is a blockchain software technology company focused on building infrastructure, tools, and products for Institutions, Enterprises, and developers. Our mission is to drive adoption of the decentralized world wide web (Web3) and the Ethereum ecosystem, the only current candidate to be the automatic, objective trust foundation and base settlement layer for the planet. As Institutional Marketing Lead, you will report to the CMO and oversee the Institutional and Enterprise marketing channel across all Marketing functions and relevant product teams at ConsenSys. You will work closely with the Sales & Services team to define and execute a Go-to-Market strategy for the Institutional and Enterprise channel, focusing on a subset of sectors in Financial Services, Commerce, and Global Trade. This role requires a deep understanding of the Financial Services industry and experience marketing to Institutional clients. It will involve developing compelling messages, stories and case... Load more Home Contact About Us Terms & Conditions Employer Post a Job Search Resumes Sign in Job Seeker Find Jobs Create Resume Sign in Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn © 2008-2020 Blocktribe TM"
}