{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14056/senior-ios-engineer-consumer/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior iOS Engineer, Consumer | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "A0D6AF5C5566AB1827727DC73C3062B2",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14056/senior-ios-engineer-consumer/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-06",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Over the last 7 years, we've built the leading cryptocurrency platform in the world, serving over 30 million customers in more than 100 countries. As we look towards the next billion customers, and realizing our vision of creating an open financial system for the world, we're growing our team to help us build a world-class mobile experience. This is where you come in - we're hiring iOS engineers to help us bridge complex crypto concepts to delightful customer experiences. You'll build better portfolio tools, launch new financial services, integrate new cryptocurrencies, and expand to new countries. You'll work closely with our product and design teams to identify what our customers need, and work cross functionally with other engineering and non-engineering teams to get those features out the door. If you're passionate about cryptocurrency, hard engineering problems, and building great user experiences, this is the place to be. A little about our team: we're a tight-knit group with experts in iOS, Android, React Native, design, and product. We have a continuous integration pipeline, desktop build machines to maximize our team's productivity, and are ruthlessly focused on making our mobile apps easier and safer to build.?? As you're thinking about joining us, it may be helpful to know that, there are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning (read more about our values here ). Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours: we default to trust, embrace feedback, celebrate thoughtful failure, and expect sustained high performance. These cultural signposts help us work together as a championship team (read our full culture doc here ). Finally, we're looking for people who are excited about our mission - building an open financial system for the world, powered by crypto and blockchain. What you'll be doing: Design improvements to our existing product by thinking from first principles and focusing on our customer's needs. Turn design ideas into features that scale to millions of users by working closely with engineers on mobile and backend teams. Take pride in quality - test, track, and monitor features that you ship to our customers and actively fix issues that crop up. Work with engineers, product managers, designers, and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Add positive energy in every meeting or interaction with your coworkers - it's one of the things that makes Coinbase an extraordinary place to work at. What we look for in you: You have at least 5 years of experience developing native mobile applications and working within a team environment. You're familiar with mobile product and design lifecycles, and collaborating closely with designers and product managers. You have experience shipping mobile apps to a large user base. You write high quality code with unit and automated tests. You're comfortable with identifying and fixing performance bottlenecks. Bachelors in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent Nice to haves: You have worked on mobile products with a focus on finance, security, or user experience. You also know how to, or want to, develop on Android or Ruby on Rails. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
