{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11134/director-of-aml-compliance/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=7",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Director of AML Compliance | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "A207C161676B9D64A763561DD3BB30E2",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11134/director-of-aml-compliance/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-20",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA (also open to New York City) Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Director of AML will have overall responsibility for the establishment and maintenance of effective anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-terrorist financing (CTF) policies and procedures, systems and controls. The Director of AML will report to a member of the Senior Compliance leadership team and will be based in the SF office. This person will collaborate with all teams operating under the Global AML program both domestically and internationally and will serve as the central point of contact for the CCO and senior leadership on all AML program related matters. The role will assist senior compliance leadership in the coordination of KYC/Onboarding, Investigations and Compliance Tools and Risk Analytics teams, and will provide a centralized line of sight into the overall AML program. The role will require extensive cross functional collaboration and frequent third party and regulator interactions. ?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Leadership Identify and address potential risks with the assistance of functional, cross functional and third party partners; stay abreast of developments in applicable legislation and guidance (domestic and international where applicable to current or potential business activities) Assess complex issues and structure potential solutions which drive effective resolution within permissible regulatory frameworks Build relationships and escalation processes to stay informed of strategic or product/service initiatives making sure to communicate AML risk related considerations to decision makers in a timely manner Serve as the central point of contact for all AML related matters to the business, CCO and senior leadership Enhance and maintain open lines of communication within and outside your team to promote efficient and collaborative work practices Core Program Management Think globally, and using a risk based approach, design and oversee the implementation of enterprise-wide AML and CTF policies and procedures and strategic processes and controls Maintain relevance of the AML policies, procedures, processes and systems in light of changing threat and/or regulatory landscapes, as applicable Partner cross-functionally to scope out new initiatives or enhancements to current initiatives/programs; identify resources required to appropriately execute on, and operationalize AML and CTF policies and procedures Plan and oversee all routine elements of the Global AML program including risk assessments, third party reviews, state license requirements (including applicable reporting) Support the Compliance Monitoring and Testing and Internal Audit functions in their risk based reviews/audits of the business, including the AML program Support and oversee routine and non-routine regulatory examinations and third party reviews including ensuring timely remediation of any resulting MRAs, MRIAs and issues Work with the BSA Officer to investigate and resolve more sensitive issues identifying where escalation may be required Reporting Analyze, design and maintain metrics as they relate to resource performance and program effectiveness and prepare and present regional/global reports related to the AML program for global and subsidiary board reporting; ensure the Board is kept informed of money laundering risks posed by business activities, and how these are managed and mitigated. Ensure that relevant staff are provided with AML and CTF training appropriate for their position (frequency and content) and that all new staff receive training within the specified period. Ensure that training materials remain up-to-date and relevant to the business ?? What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): The emphasis of this position is on developing, operating and maintaining systems and controls to prevent Coinbase's products and services being used for the purposes of financial crime, and to meet reporting requirements. Minimum 10 years of experience in financial and/or compliance related business functions Experience with state, federal and international regulators Experience in developing and administering internal controls and processes Demonstrated ability and confidence to challenge business management, escalate issues and press for change. Comfort with creative tension across different lines of defense while maintaining professionalism and a shared goal of quality growth Ability to work collaboratively across?? a broad range of business functions, particularly senior management, is essential?? Demonstrated ability to work with diverse groups of people Strong written, verbal and analytical skills; strong communication and presentation skills with the ability to articulate complex problems and solutions through crisp and clear messaging Professional compliance, or financial qualification, and membership of a recognized professional body, would be advantageous but not a prerequisite Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "AML",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
