{
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Coinbase tax team is focused on ensuring that Coinbase complies with all of its tax obligations in all of our global operations and for tax planning to ensure an optimal and efficient tax structure. What You'll Be Doing (i.e., Job Duties) The Senior Manager, Tax Operations will be an integral member of the team working in coordination with the Coinbase tax operations team and the greater Coinbase financial team to support: The integrity and accuracy of Coinbase's worldwide tax provision including the tax aspects of its financial statements The timely and accurate reporting of Coinbase's tax position across the multiple jurisdictions that Coinbase is subject to tax Execution, maintenance and constant improvement of tax processes and controls Partnering with the greater Coinbase tax and finance teams to ensure full compliance with all laws and regulations. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) CPA 6-10 years of relevant tax experience, ideally with a mix at both a Big 4 accounting firm and in industry Significant experience with ASC 740 Significant experience with the preparation and review of complex US consolidated federal income tax returns Broad based technical tax experience, ideally with a focus on financial services Exposure to US international tax concepts of Subpart F, foreign tax credits, GILTI, FDII and Beat Experience working in teams and collaborating across different business and professional disciplines Nice to haves Advanced degree in accounting and/or tax (MST,LLM) Great speaking and communication skills working with business teams and explaining tax concepts to a non-tax audience Experience with leading tax provision and tax compliance systems Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "ASC", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "A835CAF167D33B36261DE5C89CAC4B78", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, ethereum, wallet, financial, compliance, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14162/tax-operations-senior-manager/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Tax Operations, Senior Manager | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14162/tax-operations-senior-manager/"
}
