{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11034/full-stack-developer-solutions/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=England",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Full Stack Developer (Solutions) | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "AF1A0A5737464B2C257343AE33EBDE04",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11034/full-stack-developer-solutions/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " ConsenSys is the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, the music industry, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously towards the same goal. Our mission is to use these decentralized solutions to fundamentally reshape the economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Are you passionate about decentralizing our future and taking control of how we evolve? Then join us! We are seeking passionate, determined and resilient individuals who thrive in a self-directed, collaborative culture. Our technology is transforming global society and humanity - we welcome you to this exciting opportunity. About ConsenSys Solutions ConsenSys Solutions is our Enterprise sales, consulting and services unit that provides strategic advisory, ideation and use case designing, and new venture and platform development services to enterprise and government clients - helping them discover, explore and develop blockchain solutions. Our teams have led some of the most innovative blockchain production implementations in the world. We are busy building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. We help governments and enterprises deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done across complex networks of buyers, suppliers and consumers. We are literally shaping the future of decentralized technology, and we're looking for exceptional talent to help us change the world! ?? About the role: We're seeking a Full Stack Developer who is a self-starter and quick learner with an interest in Ethereum and blockchain technologies. You have worked with large code bases while minimizing technical debt, have strong knowledge of modern Javascript, and care about crafting elegant, well-tested code.?? Requirements: 6+ years working with web-based technologies. Extensive experience with modern Javascript (ES6/TypeScript/etc.), both on the front-end (Node.js) and back-end (React). Experience with at least 2 other web-based programming languages. Experience working in an agile development team Proven track record developing large-scale applications across the entire stack which minimize tech debt through testing, linting, and adherence to coding/web standards. Experience developing, consuming, and documenting APIs. An demonstrable understanding of CI. Strong understanding of web-based security threats and prevention techniques. Bonus Points: Demonstrated passion for and knowledge of blockchain technologies. An understanding of cyber-cryptography. Experience working in a decentralized, distributed team. Enjoys finding new technologies and processes that make life easier. Here are some of the perks of being part of a unique organization like ConsenSys: The forefront of a revolution. At ConsenSys we fundamentally believe that a next generation of technologies presents the opportunity to create a more just and equitable society. A dynamic startup environment. ConsenSys is a thought leader in the blockchain space and we are absorbing a significant portion of the mindshare. This is both exciting and challenging, as we learn to scale our organization while adhering to the principles of decentralization. Continuous learning. You'll be constantly exposed to new languages, frameworks and ideas from your peers and as you work on different projects -- challenging you to stay at the top of your game. Deep technical challenges. This entire ecosystem is about 10 years old. Ethereum itself is still a toddler. There is much work to be done before these platforms can scale to the order of millions or billions of users. ConsenSys is building the technology platforms that can get us to those next thresholds of scale. ConsenSys is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to ensuring that our technology is made available and accessible to everyone. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. ConsenSys is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices and we encourage all applicants to review our best practices to protect yourself which can be found here. Email me jobs like this About Token Foundry @ ConsenSys Consensys is a venture studio harnessing the power of Ethereum to build decentralized infrastructure and applications.??At the Token Foundry we look to onboard promising blockchain projects??and help facilitate safe and transparent token sales with sound protocol architectures. We have a strong sense of cryptoeconomics, game theory and decentralized ledger??systems to help consult??projects and??facilitate a new token economy!?? ",
    "Location": "Enterprise, United States",
    "CompanyName": "ConsenSys",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
