{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13786/product-security-manager-assessments/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Product Security Manager, Assessments | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "B05B40C4E0FA7038870029C96216CE66",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13786/product-security-manager-assessments/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-08",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: New York City Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Security is a primary competency at Coinbase, and the Product Security team ensures our technology maintains the high bar that has earned us the trust of millions of users who combined are buying, selling and storing billions of dollars worth of digital assets in our products. We measure ourselves by the impact of the work we do, striving to efficiently drive down technical risk at Coinbase. The nature of digital assets we custody causes our work to be focused entirely preventatively, and we fully embrace 'shifting left.' We're looking for kindred souls who believe security is collaborative and prevention is the only scalable security solution. Our developer team moves quickly, and we keep up. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Program Development. We're looking to you to build our first program Penetration Testing Program. As Coinbase has grown, our Product Security function has developed organically. We've dabbled in Penetration Testing and Security Assessment as tools in our work to drive secure software development, but we have not spent focused time diving into the nooks and crannies of our environment. This program will serve to uncover issues we missed earlier in the Security lifecycle and seek to keep driving up our Security bar. Team Management. Any team is only as strong as the members it's composed of. Your primary concern will be the growth, development and health of the team. You'll nurture the team, mentor them?? and unblock them. You'll help your teammates find work they enjoy, and find ways to get through the work they don't. We'll ask you to hire more people to your team, so you'll need to identify what skills and personalities you need to get the job done. Operations. Finally, we're looking for someone who will be accountable to the operations of the team. You'll work with your leadership to develop goals and metrics, and then we expect you to hold yourself accountable to them. Your quality bar defines the quality of the team, and we're expecting yours to be high. From timelines to reviews, you'll work to make sure the Security Assessments team runs smoothly. We'll also ask you to coordinate external penetration testing engagements as we need them. Hacking. Given we initially expect this team to be small, we want you to spend some time poking around our systems as well. We suspect 40% or so of your time will be focused on Penetration Testing or Security Assessment tasks directly. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): We're looking for progressive experience in successful application security teams, with additional credit given to those who have built and run those teams for a reasonable timeframe (2+ years of manager experience). We want you to bring your learnings and your failures to our program. We want you to have Penetration testing specific experience. We're looking for 1+ years devoted to Penetration Testing within the last 4 years. We want you to have recently spent focused time on Offensive Security and vulnerability hunting.?? We're expecting you to have either an application security or engineering background (2-3 years of application security or security engineering experience). You'll be providing support and mentorship for application security engineers, so you'll need to have enough experience in the field to guide them as they grow. From time to time, you may take on a review project for yourself to keep your skills relevant. As the manager of this team, you'll spend a significant amount of time communicating to your team, to your peers, and across the company. We look for people who are clear, direct, and kind in their communications. We're expecting you to have built this skill in your career, and we'll be testing for it in each step of the interview process. Nice to haves: If you worked in a high security and/or highly regulated industry, we would love to have you extract the essentials of what you've learned and apply them to the unique challenges Coinbase faces in Digital Assets. If you have extensive experience securing large Rails, NodeJS, and Golang codebases, we can immediately start applying what you've learned to the code we are asked to secure. Even better if you've spent time training others on how to secure those codebases. If you're fluent in Digital Assets, you'll have less to learn about the fundamentals of our business, but we do not immediately decline candidates who are not totally fluent. ?? Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "General",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
