{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/9338/marketing-manager/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?categories%5B%5D=%20Marketing%20%7C%20Blockchain",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Marketing Manager | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "C4D687B64A048DBE79D5AD763E46FBC9",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/9338/marketing-manager/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " About Conflux Conflux is a next generation blockchain network that solves the blockchain trilemma \u2013?? scalability, decentralization, and security \u2013 that taken together make possible a universal public infrastructure for our digital economy. The team endeavours to provide the world with an open permissionless blockchain network that will underpin a next generation internet and financial infrastructure. It is currently the world\u2019s highest performing Proof-of-Work (PoW) public blockchain with transaction throughput that exceeds 3,500 transactions per second and confirmation times of between 20-30 seconds.?? Conflux was founded by world renowned computer scientists from Tsinghua University and University of Toronto, including Turing Award winner Dr. Andrew Yao, winner of the prestigious and Dr. Fan Long, a two-time gold medalist in the International Olympiad of Informatics & Assistant Professor at the University of Toronto. The core team is comprised of prominent and well-recognized scientists in the fields of distributed systems, programming languages, cyber security, cryptography, and game theory from some of the top universities in the world including Tsinghua University, MIT, UC Berkeley, and Carnegie Mellon University. The team is backed by Sequoia Capital, MetaStable Capital, Baidu Ventures, IMO Ventures, Huobi, Shunwei Capital, Frees Fund, Fundamental Labs and IOSG Ventures. What You\u2019ll Do The Marketing Manager will play a crucial role in supporting the mandate of the Conflux Global Office in Toronto. Working closely with the Managing Director, the Marketing Manager will lead marketing strategy and manage the marketing content lifecycle from ideation and creation through to approvals, distribution, and measurement. You\u2019ll use your personal creative writing ability and research skills to author high quality content, collaborate with the broader team, and play a key role in developing our global community of ambassadors, thought leaders, and builders. Key responsibilities include: Lead the development of communication and marketing strategy, to raise visibility and awareness of Conflux Foundation, the technology and its community. Execute strategy and organize activities in various online and offline channels.?? Maintain steady communication flow between all internal and external parties to collect milestones and updates. Maintain and develop all communication channels, including social media presence and other online channels (ex. Twitter, Medium, newsletters, etc). Monitor media mentions and provide weekly reporting Manage and optimize the distribution of content across different digital channels to maximize exposure and drive awareness. Shared responsibility for writing and managing the monthly newsletter, e-news, and other external communications like media releases, statements, and blog content. Collaborate with the team and grantees to tell stories of what they do, why they do it and what they achieved. Ensure the website is kept up to date and presents the work accurately. Analyze website content and work to continually improve content and messaging. Be responsible for the management of graphic designs to support image, identity, and brand. About You Degree or diploma in a relevant area (marketing, communications, PR, business). 3-5 years of work experience in digital media and/or communications. Major plus if you have worked in the blockchain or cryptocurrency space or simply passionate about this space. Excellent grammar, editing and proofreading skills to produce complete, correct correspondence, proposals and reports. Strong communication skills with ability to clearly express ideas, thoughts and concepts verbally and in writing. Strong organizational skills and ability to coordinate campaigns and events complex activities prioritize conflicting demands and meet deadlines; you have solid project management skills and are detail-oriented Leadership, ability to work independently and take responsibility for moving tasks forward with minimal supervision. Proactive problem solver; willing to roll up your sleeves and operate with flexibility in a dynamic startup environment How to Apply We thank all applicants for their interest in Conflux; however, only chosen applicants will be contacted. We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds. Please send your resume to: hello@conflux-chain.org??and include salary expectations. Email me jobs like this About Conflux Conflux is a next generation blockchain network that solves the blockchain trilemma \u2013?? scalability, decentralization, and security \u2013 that taken together make possible a universal public infrastructure for our digital economy. The team endeavours to provide the world with an open permissionless blockchain network that will underpin a next generation internet and financial infrastructure. It is currently the world\u2019s highest performing Proof-of-Work (PoW) public blockchain with transaction throughput that exceeds 3,500 transactions per second and confirmation times of between 20-30 seconds. Conflux was founded by world renowned computer scientists from Tsinghua University and University of Toronto, including Turing Award winner Dr. Andrew Yao, winner of the prestigious and Dr. Fan Long, a two-time gold medalist in the International Olympiad of Informatics & Assistant Professor at the University of Toronto. The core team is comprised of prominent and well-recognized scientists in the fields of distributed systems, programming languages, cyber security, cryptography, and game theory from some of the top universities in the world including Tsinghua University, MIT, UC Berkeley, and Carnegie Mellon University. The team is backed by Sequoia Capital, MetaStable Capital, Baidu Ventures, IMO Ventures, Huobi, Shunwei Capital, Frees Fund, Fundamental Labs and IOSG Ventures. ",
    "Location": "University, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Conflux",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
