{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14151/senior-accountant/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=2",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Accountant | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "D393211A6D98F44FC6A7E11BD23FA45E",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14151/senior-accountant/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $750 million USDC in circulation, more than $2.3 billion USDC have been issued, and over $45B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. Your team is responsible for: As a member of the Accounting team, you will gain real world operational accounting experience in a very fast paced environment supporting day to day operational accounting and ensuring timely and accurate processing of transactions in accordance with accounting guidelines, company policies and procedures. What you'll work on: Manage AP process. Pay vendors by monitoring discount opportunities, scheduling and preparing weekly payments, resolving purchase order, contract, invoice, or payment discrepancies and maintaining W-9s and preparation of annual 1099s. Perform month-end close processes including bank rec's, accruals, corporate card reconciliations. Assist in enforcing procurement policy using SAP Concur. Perform general ledger account reconciliations. Perform monthly balance sheet and PnL variance analysis , ensuring the accuracy of monthly financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Manage AR process including invoice distribution, collection, chasing up failed payments, cash application and account reconciliation. Weekly review of the AR Interface with the cloud billing tool, Chargebee, (reviewing reports / following up on errors). Support the treasury team in cash management and cash flow forecasting to ensure maintenance of adequate funding across bank accounts. Collaborate across Circle Internal stakeholders to gather financial information for monthly close. Assist in the improvement of the monthly close processes to increase productivity, ensure GAAP compliance and create efficiencies Prepare reconciliations and support for annual financial statement audits. Foster finance as a support function for overall Circle What you'll bring to Circle: 3+ years of public (Big 4 preferred) and private accounting experience 2+ years relevant accounts payable and accounts receivable experience. Flexibility to work independently and cross functionally with teams in a fast-paced, high volume environment with an emphasis on accuracy and timeliness. Excellent problem solving/analytical skills. Collaborative team player, while also capable of doing self-directed/self-initiated work. Demonstrates a sense of urgency and ability to meet deadlines. Experience in the financial services or payment processing industries is a plus. Experience with Sage Intacct and Concur SAP are a plus. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Manage, BE",
    "CompanyName": "GAAP",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
