{
    "Body": " Location: New York, NY Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. This role is for the Senior Director of Financial Institutions Compliance. The role is based in SF or NY and is one of three???????????? direct reports to the CCO. The role will be responsible for overseeing compliance programs regulated by DFS, SEC/FINRA and the CFTC. This role is responsible for managing our Bank Partner and Financial Institutions Relationship team. This role will include interfacing with regulators that oversee these lines of business. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Designing and implementing compliance programs for activities and products regulated by FINRA, the SEC, the CFTC, the New York Department of Financial Services, and other regulatory agencies, and leading Coinbase's response and remediation efforts with respect to examinations conducted and findings issued by such agencies. Overseeing the compliance team for Coinbase Securities (a BD)???????????? and Coinbase Capital Markets (a BD/ATS), and, together with senior members of the Finance and Legal teams, leading the company's efforts with FINRA to secure additional BD/ATS authorities through a CMA process. Leading compliance group's work in support of new charter/license applications domestically, and collaborating with the Head of International Compliance on new charter/license applications globally. Representing Coinbase before domestic and international gatherings of financial regulators. ???????????? Oversee our Bank Partner Relationship team. This team coordinates efforts for Compliance inquiries and meetings with existing bank partner relationships and cultivates new relationships.???????????? Will oversee our Trade Surveillance team, which monitors for market manipulation, employee trading, market health and asset launch for trading etc. Will oversee our Trust Company Compliance efforts, manage the CCO for Trust Co,???????????? prepare relevant board materials for monthly Trust Co board meetings???????????? Cross functional collaboration with the other Sr. Compliance and Legal roles on emerging regulations. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Ability to interface with Regulators Work in a cross functional and matrixed environment Understanding of the Institutional space, both traditional finance and crypto market Nice to haves: Thorough understanding of block chain technology and crypto FINRA Licenses Experience either working inside a financial regulatory agency or managing regulatory compliance programs and examinations for a regulated financial institution Management experience in a matrixed environment Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.???????????? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .???????????? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ???????????? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "FINRA", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "D73BF93479E065D18DEAFD29397FB822", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, trading, ethereum, wallet, financial, compliance, collaboration, privacy, capital markets, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14110/senior-director-financial-institutions-compliance/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=6", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Director, Financial Institutions Compliance | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14110/senior-director-financial-institutions-compliance/"
}
