{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/9442/marketing-web-designer/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=Massachusetts",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Marketing Web Designer | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "E066A29622C76FD5FD4FF516AA978388",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/9442/marketing-web-designer/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $500 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with offices in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. Marketing Web Designer: We're looking for our new web designer to design and architect a new, content-rich site experience for the new Circle brand. As the owner of all things web-marketing related, you'll act as our in-house HubSpot champion, so a knowledge (or interest) in deploying content using a CMS will be a big part of your job. You'll help build out a pattern library for our refreshed look/feel, support the marketing team by designing and deploying pages on a new circle.com website, execute email marketing campaigns, scale our blog experience, and help optimize workflows for CRM, social, and content marketing initiatives using the HubSpot platform. This position sits on the marketing team, in our downtown Boston HQ, reporting to the creative director. Who we are: It's an exciting time at Circle , and to be responsible for building and testing its new brand in the market. Our team is small but mighty, and growing. As creatives, we are defining and evolving the brand while also producing all marketing creative, social content, event experiences, and more to drive new customer and partner acquisition. Who you are: Passionate While you may have never worked in finance or for a startup, you are totally obsessed with digital systems and building scalable layouts. You make a complex lot of elements easier to visually digest using scale, proximity, typography and your expert UX knowledge. You understand how difficult simple can be and strive for clarity. Strategic You're comfortable using your creativity in the grey areas as part of an agile yet empowered team. Merging a product marketing strategy, a new brand system, and a myriad of content, you can see the broader impact of the system you create and its relationship to future versions. Productive You are driven to get things (well) done. You recognize when projects need more or less energy, and use opportunities to work smarter. You're a die-hard advocate for tidiness and efficiency using Sketch, essentially owning our design process and its improvement as we scale. Chops You have a stand-out portfolio that displays what you're capable of in web design. You've used a CMS in the past and are comfortable with HTML/CSS (extra points for HubL). You're confident presenting your ideas with pitch decks, documentation, online and in-person. What you'll work on: Help architect UX flows and design a system of templates and components for a new Circle marketing website built on HubSpot, including product marketing pages, our Circle blog, and other content Partner with your content creators to lead the implementation of site updates on the HubSpot platform, designing and building new web experiences as we grow, acting as the in-house design go-to with our developer contractors Use HubSpot to develop and send customer emails Work closely with the creative director to iteratively scale and maintain the Circle visual system, including our brand guide, pattern library, UI toolkits, and implementation guidelines Design and web production work like engaging social & blog graphics All things brand such as infographics, merch, and other branded materials for investors, partners, corporate comms, talent, and Circle employees Support the business and sales team with creating quick-turn lead-gen landing pages, digital PDFs, and Google Slides presentations Actively participate in creative problem solving across all brand and marketing initiatives and owned channels What you'll need: An online portfolio with relevant work you're proud of 3+ years in a web design role either on or partnering with creative marketing team Experience designing for and deploying with a CMS, HubSpot experience preferred Mastery at Sketch (and sometimes Photoshop), including maintaining Sketch libraries and managing process Top-notch web typography, optimization, and responsive design knowledge Strong communication skills, comfortable asking for feedback, comfortable handling multiple edits at a time under tight turnarounds A passion for working with creative and non-creative partners to produce compelling layouts using strong IA and product storytelling in a collaborative setting Excellent personal time management and priority juggling skills Eagle eyes and problem solving brain What will impress us even more: Working proficiency in HubL and experience building custom templates with HubSpot Experience prototyping with Invision and Craft Illustration, iconography Motion graphics and/or CSS animation Experience building responsive emails InDesign knowledge Questions: Tell us why you're perfect for this role. Tell us about your experience with content management systems and sending emails. Please provide a link to your portfolio. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "CMS",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
