{
    "Body": " Site Reliability Engineer???????????? Boston, Remote ConsenSys is a venture production studio and the leading technology firm in blockchain globally . We deliver products, solutions and platforms built using blockchain technology to transform how business is done in a complex network of buyers, suppliers and consumers. Our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security, infrastructure and more. To accomplish this we've built out a flat organizational structure which we call the ConsenSys Mesh: a network of individuals & teams working autonomously and towards the same goal. If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us. About the role: As a ConsenSys Site Reliability Engineer, you will work as part of a team responsible for building and maintaining enterprise grade highly scalable production systems running blockchain-based applications built using the latest technologies focused on maximizing the platform's stability, reliability, availability and security.???????????? Responsibilities will include: Design and continuously improve our team's processes, tools and solutions used to build, deploy, monitor, maintain and scale production systems???????????? Design and improve our monitoring, alerting and remediation solutions with focus on proactively identifying and addressing production issues Participate in the on-call rotation for for critical system alerts???????????? Investigate and lead the efforts to remediate critical operational platform issues???????????? Design and improve support processes in collaboration with support and dev teams (change management, incident management, on-call, etc) Requirements: In-depth understanding of production management principles for distributed systems 3-5 years experience developing infrastructure as code or working with a cloud provisioning tool 3-5 years of experience working in operations teams managing production environments 3-5 years of scripting experience in python/bash/go or equivalent Hands-on experience working with cloud providers such as Azure and AWS Hands-on experience working with logging, monitoring and visualization tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, Elastic stack, etc. Hands-on experience working with Terraform???????????? Hands-on experience working on microservices architecture using containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) Technical aptitude, ability and passion for learning new software and methodologies Demonstrated ability to think on feet and resolve issues in a fast paced environment Excellent verbal and written English skills Nice to have: Hands on experience working with Azure is an advantage Security experience is an advantage???????????? Software development experience Familiarity with CI/CD methodologies and tools Technological degree in Computer science or equivalent An understanding of blockchain technology and the Ethereum ecosystem Here are some of the perks of being part of a unique organization like ConsenSys: The forefront of a revolution. At ConsenSys we fundamentally believe that a next generation of technologies presents the opportunity to create a more just and equitable society. A dynamic startup environment. ConsenSys is a thought leader in the blockchain space and we are absorbing a significant portion of the mindshare. This is both exciting and challenging, as we learn to scale our organization while adhering to the principles of decentralization. Continuous learning. You'll be constantly exposed to new languages, frameworks and ideas from your peers and as you work on different projects -- challenging you to stay at the top of your game. Deep technical challenges. This entire ecosystem is about 10 years old. Ethereum itself is still a toddler. There is much work to be done before these platforms can scale to the order of millions or billions of users. ConsenSys is building the technology platforms that can get us to those next thresholds of scale. ConsenSys is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to ensuring that our technology is made available and accessible to everyone. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. ConsenSys is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices and we encourage all applicants to review our best practices to protect yourself which can be found here. Email me jobs like this About Token Foundry @ ConsenSys Consensys is a venture studio harnessing the power of Ethereum to build decentralized infrastructure and applications.????????????At the Token Foundry we look to onboard promising blockchain projects????????????and help facilitate safe and transparent token sales with sound protocol architectures. We have a strong sense of cryptoeconomics, game theory and decentralized ledger????????????systems to help consult????????????projects and????????????facilitate a new token economy!???????????? Company Profile Apply Now Share this job: Modal Window Home Contact About Us Terms & Conditions Employer Post a Job Search Resumes Sign in Job Seeker Find Jobs Create Resume Sign in Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn ???????????? 2008-2020????????????Blocktribe TM", 
    "CompanyName": "Not Found", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blocktribe", 
    "Hash": "E5CC8669C5FBD922C5AAB073E230EAE6", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, kubernetes, python, visualization, frameworks, financial, decentralized, remote, microservices, docker, cloud, containerization, scripting, ethereum, collaboration, startup, ci cd, distributed systems, aws, mesh, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11041/site-reliability-engineer/", 
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Site Reliability Engineer | Blocktribe", 
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11041/site-reliability-engineer/"
}
