{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11231/general-application-sales-development-representative/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=5",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "General Application - Sales Development Representative | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "E75BE70FF4D91E39AC9892A442DCEB6E",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11231/general-application-sales-development-representative/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Welcome! Thank you for your interest in BambooHR ! If you're looking to express interest in our Sales Development department, you've come to the right place! Although we are not currently hiring for this team , we're using this open application to give you a head-start in expressing interest so we can consider you once we are hiring for this position again. Make sure to read everything carefully below, and thanks again! About Us Our mission is simple: we want to set people free to do meaningful work. People love our software--and it turns out that people love working here too. We've been recognized as a \"Best Company to Work For ,\" and we're proud of our team for receiving awards for workplace effectiveness and flexibility. How This Works You'll receive a confirmation email letting you know that we received your application. You won't hear from us right away, but don't worry! Once we are hiring for this position, a member of our Talent Acquisition team will review your application and notify you of the next steps in the process. At BambooHR, we're growing a lot, so we love considering people that have already seen the great things that Bamboo has to offer! Things We Ask of You 1) We want you to find the right job for your skills and future career goals, so please make sure you don't submit an application here if you've already applied to another opening. This will help us better understand what you're really interested in. 2) Make sure you tell us the kind of position you want most and are most qualified for. What's your wheelhouse? Your passion? What kind of work really drives you? Positions are pretty competitive here, so this will allow us to look into positions that would give you the best chance. Here is what this position does here at BambooHR: Job Overview and Responsibilities What You'll Do As a sales development representative (SDR) here at BambooHR, you will have the opportunity to play a part in setting our future clients free to do great work. By helping to convert leads into sales opportunities, you'll assist prospects on their way to optimally utilizing our award-winning software , which will allow them to do great work and enhance the lives of their employees. Because you have a short time to connect with these people, this role requires a lot of enthusiasm, high energy and the ability to communicate well with prospective clients and identify their needs. If you are confident in your sales ability and love working with people, we want to talk with and learn more about you! Your daily responsibilities as an SDR at BambooHR will include: Contacting and qualifying leads to set appointments for our account executives to close Being the first point of contact and educating leads to help generate increased interest and to lead to sales Make 100+ calls to inbound (Ain't that great?!) marketing leads per day Anticipating needs and concerns of potential clients and maintaining a knowledge of problems and issues that they are facing in their work Being present and engaged full-time, M-F 8AM - 5PM (no nights or weekends, hooray!) What We'll Love About You You have a proven ability to sell with a minimum of 1 year of related experience You've had experience articulating value propositions via phone and email and will be able to do so with BambooHR's product You're able to identify and qualify sales opportunities Collaboration and negotiation are talents of yours and you're able to utilize them to communicate effectively You're highly motivated and passionate and able to keep a positive attitude and a passion for growth You thrive in healthy competition but are also strongly team oriented and focused on the success of your peers as well as yourself What You'll Love About Us Great Company Culture. We've been recognized by multiple organizations like Salt Lake T ribune , Glassdoor , & Comparably for our great workplace culture. Work that Stays at Work. Genuine work/life balance served here! Rest and Relaxation. 4 weeks paid time off, 11 paid holidays, and we pay you to go on vacation (ask us about this)! Health Benefits . Medical with HSA and FSA options, dental, and vision. Prepare for the Future. 401(k) with a generous company match. Financial Peace University. Bamboo pays for you to take the class , and you walk away with financial savvy and a bonus. An Equal Opportunity Employer--M/F/D/V Because our team members are trusted to handle sensitive information, we require all candidates that receive and accept employment offers to complete a background check before being hired. Email me jobs like this About AlphaPoint AlphaPoint is a financial technology company that powers digital asset networks and provides institutions a Distributed Ledger Platform to digitize, trade, and manage any asset. Its secure, scalable, and customizable platform enables customers to digitize assets and reduce operational costs with its blockchain technology. AlphaPoint powers digital asset networks on 5 continents, and is led by a seasoned team with 150+ years in financial technology. AlphaPoint has offices in New York City, Philadelphia, and San Francisco. ",
    "Location": "Salt Lake, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Best",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
