{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11123/country-manager-germany/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&country=Germany",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Country Manager, Germany | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "ECC03CDE717924FC60621E1C5195BF29",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11123/country-manager-germany/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: Berlin, Germany Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. As Coinbase continues to expand internationally, we are looking for an exceptional candidate to help build out and run our German business which will be headquartered in Berlin. The Germany Country Manager will head up German operations, developing our go-to-market strategy and taking on responsibility for growth and KPIs such as revenue and monthly transacting users?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Overall responsibility for Coinbase's German business and office, including management of the local team, reporting into the GM, Europe based in London Responsible for driving growth in the German market and identifying and executing on opportunities, working closely with regional management and with the heads of the Product teams (Consumer, Pro and Custody) based in San Francisco Play a key role in supporting the application process with the BaFin for a licence under the new crypto custody licensing regime that has recently been introduced in Germany, then ensuring that Coinbase Germany operates in full compliance with the licence requirements once licensed Be the face of Coinbase in Germany, including at media engagements, conferences and industry forums and in meetings with German clients?? Partner closely with teams in London, Dublin and San Francisco to ensure smooth operation of the business and to ensure that Coinbase's brand and values are reflected in Germany Work closely with the Germany Head of Operations to develop and grow the business and deliver the best of Coinbase to German customers What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): At least 10 years experience in retail or institutional Sales/Business Development/Commercial roles in a BaFin regulated entity in the securities and/or payment services sectors Solid understanding of the German regulatory landscape for financial services, including requirements around outsourcing?? Past experience in engaging with regulators and managing regulatory requests Fluency in English and German Previous experience working in a multinational US-headquartered business helpful but not essential Great communication skills and the ability to work effectively in an international organisation, implementing global standards while ensuring that local requirements are met Good?? understanding of how the various?? functions of a regulated financial services business operate (e.g. Compliance, Finance, Risk, Treasury, Audit, Outsourcing)?? Keen interest in crypto/blockchain (expertise not a prerequisite but willingness to learn essential) Self-starter who is excited at the prospect of growing a business in a fast developing sector Pragmatic and solutions-oriented - always looking for more efficient and effective ways to do things Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "Germany",
    "CompanyName": "BaFin",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
