{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/13615/director-of-recruiting/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=California",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Director of Recruiting | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "EED37390354B5612E5965083E5066AA5",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/13615/director-of-recruiting/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Our world class recruiting team builds the foundation of our success by finding extraordinary people that share our vision. In this role you'll find yourself partnering directly with executives and organizational leadership to own strategic hiring to move the needle for the business. You'll work closely with the existing high-functioning team to help upgrade processes, implement structure, and provide coaching and mentorship. If you thrive on ownership and working creatively and collaboratively with teammates to make great hires, this is the role for you!?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Lead and inspire a team of talented Recruiting Managers, Recruiters, and Coordinators. Develop both the senior and junior members of your team through active coaching and career development planning. Partner directly with Coinbase's leadership team to build and scale their global teams, balancing team bandwidth and business priorities. Work with Talent leadership to evaluate and continuously improve the team structure, systems, and hiring processes. Leverage analytics and industry intelligence help your team make data-guided decisions and provide insights to the business on a regular cadence. Evangelize digital currency and educate candidates about Coinbase's strategy and mission. Occasionally own the full cycle recruitment process for key strategic senior hires (on your team or others). What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Recruiting expertise: You have a deep understanding of what creates a successful and delightful hiring experience, and can apply it in practice across various functions and countries. Leadership & change management: You are able to proactively zoom out, set, and execute a long term strategy for your team and cross-functional partners, even amidst chaotic day-to-day priorities. Player-coach management: You don't shy away from doing the building yourself when needed. You inspire and coach everyone from junior team members to senior executives. Data orientation: You are an expert in key recruiting metrics. You use data not just to set and track team goals, but also to identify hiring issues and build consensus around solutions. 5+ years of experience leading a sizable recruiting team, preferably in a technical company. 2+ years of experience leading other managers - a strong and inspiring leader of leaders is a must! Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Data",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
