{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/11098/senior-engineering-manager-consumer-backend-platform/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Engineering Manager, Consumer Backend Platform | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "F3E43E55C2FC050A63CD915179E21A5F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/11098/senior-engineering-manager-consumer-backend-platform/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Over the last 7 years, we've built the leading cryptocurrency platform in the world, serving over 30 million customers in more than 100 countries. As we look towards the next billion customers, and realizing our vision of creating an open financial system for the world, we're growing our team to help us build a world-class customer experience. This is where you come in - we're hiring a senior engineering leader to drive our backend platform efforts, with a primary focus on decomposing our Rails monolith into Go services. You'll work with our technical engineering leaders to create the multi-year roadmap for making backend engineering at Coinbase a joy. To help drive this roadmap, you'll embed with our backend product teams and listen to their customer needs, working together to accelerate their efforts. If you're passionate about cryptocurrency, hard engineering problems, and enabling product teams to build great user experiences, this is the place to be. A little about the current Consumer organization: we're a tight-knit group with experts across every engineering platform (Ruby, Go, iOS, Android, React Native). We care deeply about our tools - we've built out a modern React frontend, have continuous integration with multiple daily deploys, and are decomposing our rails API backend into smaller, encapsulated services. We write our mobile apps in Swift, Kotlin, and JavaScript (with React Native) and run a weekly release cycle. We invest in ever-increasing testing automation, and are focused on making our mobile and web apps easier and safer to build.?? As you're thinking about joining us, it may be helpful to know that there are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning (read more about our values here ). Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours: we default to trust, embrace feedback, celebrate thoughtful failure, and expect sustained high performance. These cultural signposts help us work together as a championship team (read our full culture doc here ). Finally, we're looking for people who are excited about our mission - building an open financial system for the world, powered by crypto and blockchain. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Implement the multi-year strategy for backend engineering for our Consumer product (coinbase.com) with the technical leadership on your team Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and chart a fulfilling career path. Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural decisions. Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Work with our talent organization to source and hire amazing engineers who will expand the Coinbase culture and product. Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction. Contribute to owning and delivering processes drive engineering quality and meet our engineering SLAs. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): At least 5 years of experience in software engineering. At least 2 years of engineering management experience. Comfortable managing engineers working across iOS, Android, and React Native You have designed, built, and scaled production mobile applications You know what high quality code - and software engineering processes - look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them. You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. Nice to haves: You've built financial, high reliability or security systems. You've scaled web or mobile applications to millions of users. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: ??Ireland/EU , ??United Kingdom , and ??California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Coinbase",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
