{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/12803/senior-software-engineer-salesforce-platform/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=California",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Software Engineer, Salesforce Platform | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "F4A4161A43A230AEC2A82C262BE6A61F",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/12803/senior-software-engineer-salesforce-platform/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We are looking for an experienced Engineering leader to join Sales and Support Engineering in the Enterprise Applications and Architecture (EAA) Group.?? We have an extensive portfolio of capabilities to be built on Force.com and native Salesforce platforms that are customer facing and revenue-impacting. Crypto space offers unique and challenging opportunities to think outside the box and deliver your best ideas to delight our internal and external customers. Engineering quality is as important as quantity. The successful candidate will have significant previous experience in Salesforce, Force.com and their ecosystem delivering high quality engineering solutions with hands-on APEX development, API development, and Integration development with an ESB or native capabilities.?? The growing EAA team is based in San Francisco, CA. The Senior Engineer will report to the Senior Engineering Manager (Sales & Support). ?? What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Architect technical solutions for the long-term, balancing time-to-market versus the health of the platforms.?? Responsible for hands-on development of key features as well as code quality and code reviews of the team Well versed for all engineering practices:?? CI/CD Product Quality Technical Debt Management Agile Maturity Architect technical solutions that span multiple platforms beyond their core skillsets Balance need for functional and nonfunctional requirements (availability,scalability, security, performant, etc.) Work closely with the Security teams to identify and implement unique security requirements relevant for the Coinbase business model Work closely with the Business Unit Engineering teams to understand, document and integrate the customer Blockchain implementation with back-office Enterprise Applications What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field 5+ years hands-on development experience on Salesforce, Force.com and the ecosystem of technologies Experience with integration of large systems and custom products Clear communication and orchestration of technical resources Diverse background in programming in functional and/or object oriented programming languages like Java, Scala, Ruby and Golang. Natural curiosity to learn and understand different architectures, technologies and functional domains?? Working knowledge of Jira, Jenkins, GitHub and overall Devops experience Demonstrated ability to create order out of chaos, with minimal oversight Expert knowledge of Google Docs, Google Slides, Google Sheets, Wiki's. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.?? Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU , United Kingdom , and California .?? By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Email me jobs like this About Coinbase Coinbase is the world\u2019s most popular way to buy and sell bitcoin and ethereum. Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. We're based in San Francisco, California. Bitcoin is the world's most widely used alternative currency with a total market cap of approximately $10 billion. The bitcoin network is made up of thousands of computers run by individuals all over the world. ?? Our mission is to create an open financial system for the world An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten year plan to get there. Imagine if every payment in the world was as fast, cheap, and global as sending an email. Imagine if anyone who had an idea for a product could have customers all over the world from day one. Imagine if anyone with a smartphone had access to the the same financial services we enjoy in the developed world. An open financial system can be a great equalizer and lift billions out of poverty while accelerating the pace of innovation around the world. This is the best way we know to change the world. ",
    "Location": "San Francisco, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Google",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
