{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type[]=Permanent",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/9440/managing-counsel-regulatory/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?job_type%5B%5D=Permanent&state=Massachusetts",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Managing Counsel, Regulatory | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "FCE9C1AB11F097C1342AA871BC517FBB",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/9440/managing-counsel-regulatory/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-04-30",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $500 million USDC in circulation, more than $1.7 billion USDC have been issued in under a year's time, and over $30B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with offices in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. You will be responsible for: The Managing Counsel, Regulatory will be the key adviser to the company on all regulatory issues, with an emphasis on payments-related products and services. The Managing Counsel, Regulatory will provide solutions to complex legal problems in uncertain regulatory frameworks, advising the business on how existing or new crypto-based product offerings can fit into existing regulatory schemes - and then executing on such plans. You will also work with management on engaging key regulators to advocate for regulations that meet business needs. As the company's senior regulatory lawyer, you will analyze Circle's current and future product and feature offerings to determine the best license framework to pursue and work with the management team to determine strategy. You will join a fun and dynamic legal team working collaboratively on novel legal issues. What you'll work on: Drive legal analysis and projects to completion, quickly and efficiently Assess regulatory and other legal risks and make recommendations to senior leadership and product team as to the best ways to address them Assist with drafting and negotiating commercial agreements, providing insight and guidance from a regulatory perspective Serve as the internal expert on regulatory questions Stay on top of developments in the regulatory environment for blockchain and cryptocurrency offerings, and advise management on new risks and opportunities Supervise and manage outside counsel to ensure that all aspects of Circle's legal representation are of the highest quality, including overall strategy and the day-to-day running of matters Coordinate with management and the product and compliance teams to understand the operational and product development impact of licenses and regulatory frameworks What you'll bring to Circle: 8+ years experience at a regulated financial services company, top tier law firm and/or self-regulatory organization Experience providing product counseling advice for payment products and services, including P2P payments and stored value / prepaid access. Experience with money transmission regulatory framework and application to traditional and non-traditional payments products a plus. Significant experience with money service business and state money transmission and cryptocurrency regulatory regimes; understanding of FATF, FinCEN, AML/BSA, and other federal laws and regulations applicable to crypto finance Interest in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency Superior communication skills. You should be comfortable engaging with top management, external counsel and regulators on topics critical to Circle's success Must be comfortable providing legal guidance on short timelines and then helping to execute on the business decision - even if it involves legal risks Exemplary personal and professional integrity and business ethics Exercises discretion and maintains confidentiality of sensitive information Ability to manage and hold outside counsel to a budget We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "USDC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
