{
    "SeedUrl": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blocktribe.com/add-listing/?listing_type_id=Job",
        "https://blocktribe.com/blockchain-developer-career",
        "https://blocktribe.com/faqjobseekers",
        "https://blocktribe.com/job/14145/senior-product-analyst-risk/",
        "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://blocktribe.com/jobs/?country=United%20States&p=9",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Product Analyst - Risk | Blocktribe",
    "Hash": "FF96C458B8FBCEBF197C6788C501F545",
    "Url": "https://blocktribe.com/job/14145/senior-product-analyst-risk/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "blocktribe",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Circle is a global financial technology firm that enables businesses of all sizes to harness the power of digital currency and blockchains for payments and commerce worldwide. Circle is the pioneer of USDC, the fastest growing, regulated digital currency that is backed by US dollars. There are currently close to $750 million USDC in circulation, more than $2.3 billion USDC have been issued, and over $45B in online payments have been made with this breakthrough payment technology. Circle was founded in 2013 and is backed by $250 million from investors including Jim Breyer (Facebook), IDG Capital (Baidu, Tencent), General Catalyst (Airbnb, Stripe), Accel Partners, Blockchain Capital, Pantera and Digital Currency Group, with centers of excellence in Boston, New York, Dublin and London. What you'll be part of: With the mission To raise global economic prosperity through programmable internet commerce, Circle was founded on the belief that blockchains and digital currency will rewire the global economic system, creating a fundamentally more open, inclusive, efficient and integrated world economy. We envision a global economy where people and businesses everywhere can more freely connect and transact with each other with new technologies for digital money. We believe such a system can raise prosperity for people and companies everywhere. What you'll be responsible for: As a Senior Product Analyst, you'll join a data-driven team focused on helping Circle scale its products while providing the best possible customer experience and mitigating the associated risks. You will conduct in-depth analysis to draw insight around product improvements. You will make use of your analysis to test and implement business logic that reduces the sources of financial and reputational risk for the business. We're looking for ambitious, highly motivated individuals who seek a collaborative, iterative, and fast-paced environment. What you'll work on: Work closely with Product and Engineering teams to create infrastructure to allow the implementation of effective rules to mitigate risks. Plan the additional product controls required for new features, new product launches or any additional risk exposure. Design, calculation and monitoring of Risk KPIs. Perform complex data analysis on customer behavior, risk strategies and rule accuracy and performance to draw insights and propose applicable changes Design, test, implement and monitor logic for new or existing risk rules around KYC, fraud, account-takeovers and anti-money laundering. Utilize machine learning models built by our data-science to take appropriate actions on transactions and customers. Maintain a software stack of automated monitors and alerts to keep tabs on abnormalities in customer behavior, risk-rule efficiency and performance. Creation of dashboards to deliver valuable insights that drive decision making What you'll bring to Circle: 3+ years of experience as a data analyst Experience working within risk or product domain with a focus on customer behaviour a plus Extensive knowledge of SQL (postgreSQL, Redshift, Athena, MySQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle) Additional technical skills a plus (E.g. python) Bachelor's degree preferred but not required. A quantitative or technical degree a plus Understanding of fraud a plus We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Email me jobs like this About Circle Circle is a consumer finance company focused on transforming the world economy with secure, simple, and less costly technology for storing and using money. Circle is a disruptive, venture-backed fintech business working to revolutionize consumer finance with simple, free technology for storing and using money. Our product enables people worldwide to transfer money, easily and securely, free of charge, and in the same way we share content and media, express ourselves, and message our friends and family on mobile devices. We believe money should work the way media and messaging work on the Internet: free, global, safe, mobile, and delightful. With US Dollars, British Pounds and Euros support, and connection to the Bitcoin blockchain, we are transforming this vision into reality. Circle is backed by $136 million from investors including Goldman Sachs, Baidu, CreditEase, IDG China, Breyer Capital, Accel and General Catalyst. We use open internet standards and protocols, including the blockchain (allowing us to offer this service for free). We also foster innovative approaches to risk, including our AI risk engine, which runs on cutting edge algorithms that continuously keep your money safe. ",
    "Location": "Boston, New York, United States",
    "CompanyName": "USDC",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
