{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://qz.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://qz.com/africa/1871298/amazon-adds-3000-jobs-in-south-africa-for-alexa-us-customers/",
        "https://qz.com/careers/",
        "https://qz.com/public/meta/opensearch.xml"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/quartz-cryptocurrency-reporter/",
    "RequiredMatch": "ripple",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Quartz \u2014 Global business news and insights",
    "Hash": "00E7B8C70FCEE28D01EEF765F749F1B2",
    "Url": "https://qz.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "qz",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Skip to navigationSkip to content Explore Latest Obsessions Featured Emails Become a member Take 50% off Quartz membership Congratulations! You\u2019re officially 50% of the way through a year that\u2019s felt like a decade. To celebrate, we\u2019re giving you 50% off Quartz membership for a limited time. Subscribe today for a year of news and insight that go beyond the headlines. Use promo code SUMMERSALE at checkout.✨ Try membership for free ✨ Log in No, thanks Minji Moon Good evening. We\u2019re off observing Juneteenth, so here are five things from Quartz this week we especially liked. A better way of doing business. American textbooks notoriously emphasize white men at the expense of everyone else\u2014and management history is no exception. I was so grateful to read Lila MacLellan\u2019s engaging dive into early Black US business leaders who espoused the importance of cooperation and consensus-building, and the management professors working to restore such leaders to their rightful place in history. \u2014Sarah Todd, senior reporter, Quartz at WorkQuartz at Work This one\u2019s for the birds. Endemic to Colombia\u2019s Antioquia region, the Antioquia brushfinch hadn\u2019t been seen in 47 years, and was thought extinct\u2014until an amateur birder rediscovered the species in 2018, alive but critically endangered. Alex Ossola looks at why saving the brushfinch means saving an ecosystem that\u2019s economically critical for the region. This is an evocative reminder that our actions have significant ripple effects in the natural world. \u2014Kira Bindrim, executive editorQuartz Good made-for-TV movies. Really. Entertainment reporter Adam Epstein is so good at going beyond the box office to cover Hollywood. This piece uses alternative data from on-demand platform rankings and Rotten Tomatoes reviews to show how smaller films are filling the void left by a season or two without any blockbuster releases. As a bonus, I picked up a few new titles to check out. \u2014Max Lockie, deputy news editorQuartz Who\u2019s in your bubble? There\u2019s no 100% safe way to expand your social group in a pandemic. But if total lockdown isn\u2019t sustainable any more, it\u2019s important to choose your new network wisely to limit your exposure and slow the spread of Covid-19 for everyone. Let Katherine Foley and Amanda Shendruk explain some strategies\u2014with the help of an Oxford sociologist and Kevin Bacon. \u2014Katie Palmer, science and health editorQuartz Bonding through technology. The loneliness of a lockdown may be hard to deal with, but the thought of opening your home, even to a new dog, can add to the anxiety. So, as Niharika Sharma reports, Indians are virtually adopting pets. For just around $40 a month your pet will be taken care of by volunteers, and you can video chat with your furry online friends daily. \u2014Itika Sharma Punit, co-editor, Quartz IndiaQuartz India Four things from elsewhere that made us smarter A vicarious celebration of Juneteenth, past and present... Not all Americans were aware of Juneteenth\u2014the annual celebration of June 19, 1865, when Black Texans learned of Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation\u2014before this year. Now, amid a reckoning with America's racist history, Juneteenth may be on the verge of becoming a national holiday, and corporate brands are suddenly on it. Evocative essays like this beautiful New York Times piece by Brianna Holt are now all the more vital. Holt invites readers to join a Juneteenth parade of her Texas childhood. \"It\u2019s the one day each year that I\u2019ve been able to exist, unapologetically and unproblematically, in a space surrounded by people who have my growth in their best interest,\" she writes. \u2014Lila MacLellan, reporter, Quartz at WorkThe New York Times ...But, for some, it conjures up mixed feelings. In this raw recounting for the Washington Post, chef Lazarus Lynch unpacks the conflicting emotions he feels around Juneteenth: It's a day of celebration, while also a grim reminder of how white people were responsible for both enslavement and delayed emancipation. This year, there are more reasons for both sorrow and hope, with horrific police killings giving rise to a renewed movement for change. Will this Juneteenth be different? Let's make sure it is. \u2014Liz Webber, senior news curatorWashington Post Rethinking the foundations of biology. Even the most basic biology courses belabor the fact that cells are the only place in which DNA\u2014our genetic blueprints\u2014gets translated into useful proteins. But as the result of a haphazard mistake, Juan Pablo Tosar, a scientist based in Uruguay, discovered that this process may occur outside of cells as well. The discovery, though preliminary, could upend conventional biological wisdom, writes Roxanne Khamsi for Nature, and would show that our cells may be communicating with one another in ways unconceived since the discovery of genetic material itself. \u2014Katherine Ellen Foley, science and health reporterNature Recall the bliss of an amazing dinner out. There's a unique pleasure in eating food that someone else has made on dishes someone else will clean in a restaurant environment perfect for your mood. Nights like these\u2014nonexistent for me at least, since the onset of the pandemic\u2014are when we embrace our capacity for joy, when we open ourselves to be changed by others. This package in the New York Times, compiled from seven different writers, will make your mouth water and your heart long for the before times. \u2014Alex Ossola, special projects editorThe New York Times For Quartz members: Science\u2019s great pandemic pivot Why research labs were drastically unprepared for Covid-19, even after SARS. Coronaviruses have been around for centuries, and science first identified the cold-causing bugs in the 1960s. So why wasn't the world ready for Covid-19?Quartz We\u2019re obsessed with videoconferencing Sorry, you go ahead. Once a clunky technology without enough payoff, videoconferencing so quickly became an essential part of the way we live and work that it\u2019s unlikely to go anywhere anytime soon. Put on a clean shirt, check your hair, then dial in to the Quartz Weekly Obession.Quartz See you on Monday! Latest Quartz Stories Parliaments are on the frontlines of Europe\u2019s face-off with China Quartz Amazon has added 3,000 jobs in South Africa for Alexa and customers in US, Europe Quartz Africa Apple is now worth more than the combined value of the oil and gas majors Quartz Sexual assault allegations are rocking Nigeria\u2019s tech industry and reveal a culture of entitlement Quartz Africa If India does #BoycottChina, its startups will lose more than just funding Quartz India Reliance Industries cleared its $21 billion debt in just 58 days\u2014in the middle of the pandemic Quartz India Collective action is our new power language. How will leaders respond? Quartz at Work How Covid-19 is transforming the retail industry Quartz Europe\u2019s worries about Chinese corporate takeovers appear to be unfounded Quartz An undersea internet cable is the latest snag in US-China tensions over Hong Kong QuartzMore from Quartz News for the next era, not just the next hour Become a member Discover Membership Emails Latest Popular Featured Obsessions Topics Emerging industries Economics Lifestyle Politics Science Tech Work More Search Careers About us Contact us Help center Quartz Creative Send us tips Become a member Download our app Site map Terms & conditions Privacy policy Do not sell my info Ethics and advertising agreements Community agreements Quartz is owned by Uzabase, the business intelligence and media company. © 2020 Quartz Media, Inc. All rights reserved. ↑ Beam me up, Scotty Explore Latest Obsessions Emails Members Close Update your browser for the best experience.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- qz"
}