{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://bitwala-jobs.personio.de/",
        "https://bitwala-jobs.personio.de/job/220754",
        "https://bitwala-jobs.personio.de/job/220754?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/bitwala-head-of-design/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Jobs bei Bitwala GmbH",
    "Hash": "01E50256B2DAC898B9B43BF1D8DE7AEA",
    "Url": "https://bitwala-jobs.personio.de/job/220754?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "personio",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Deutsch DE Englisch Zurück zu den Positionen Head of Design (m/v/x) Festanstellung, Vollzeit · Berlin MEHR ÜBER BITWALA We\u2019re looking for an experienced Head of Design to lead Bitwala\u2019s design team, empowering the team to create and evolve an outstanding experience for our users and the visual language of Bitwala\u2019s brand and products. You'll drive our product & brand design strategy and develop the creative system for both. Besides leading the product design and user experience, you'll oversee and support all aspects of our creative execution including brand & performance marketing campaigns, website, product launches, and more. You'll infuse brand in all of our user touchpoints through visuals, tone, voice, and experience Deine Aufgaben Steering a team of great product & brand designers: Lead the Design Chapter that is spread across product and marketing focus areas.  Collaborate successfully with your stakeholders including Marketing, Product, Engineering, BI and the Management team Be an inspiring leader for both the product & brand design department and help your team members to grow in their work and career Actively hire top talent, scale and structure the team Nurture an experimentation culture and enable all designers to optimize the user experience by regularly running qualitative and quantitative tests Lead external support for the design team (e.g. freelancers or agencies) and control the respective budget Collaborate with senior management in developing and communicating business goals Building Product Design and User Experience strategy Contribute to the product vision and define the strategic direction for user experience and design Define the visual language & experience of the product:  Develop and own the design system and make sure that user experience is consistent across platforms Oversee and participate in the design process, from concept and strategy to wireframe, UX and UI design, prototyping, testing, and final execution. Streamline the design processes for the product teams and make sure they follow such tirelessly. Support & conduct user research and other experiments to inform design decisions. Guiding and develop of Brand Design   Oversee all marketing and brand executions including campaigns, web, ads, events, communications, video, social, and office design Develop creative systems, style guides, and processes necessary to execute our brand strategy and deliver consistent brand experiences both online and offline Protect the integrity of the brand, while encouraging creative exploration and risk-taking Develop brand concepts working closely with the marketing team (copywriters, marketers, marketing directors, etc.). Define how the company\u2019s purpose, values, strategy, and brand translate to a visual language and push for simplicity and consistency Dein Profil 5+ years' experience of strong leadership skills;  leading, managing and scaling design teams in product, marketing, and design User-centricity and data-informed decision making is at the heart of your work A strong portfolio of your work in product design, showcasing UX and visual skills for customer-facing products Proven experience of end-to-end product design from design research to product delivery across web (Mobile First) and apps for iOS & Android. Thorough knowledge and experience planning, documenting, and leading interactive projects - Immersed in UX best practices.  Able to clearly articulate your views on UX/UI to the entire team and strive to build the best user interaction possible. Great communicator, an engaging storyteller that brings everyone together towards a shared vision. An outgoing personality and ability to interact excellently with customers. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English (German is a strong plus) Warum wir? Working in a small group of very talented and experienced people where you can have your say and make the difference Competitive salary and the latest technology to work with (check our stack here)  Flexible working hours and flexible with remote and office work High team autonomy and agile environment Fresh fruit, snacks and drinks to keep you happy and healthy We love to be social and therefore offer many different events for our team: workout classes (HIT/Yoga), TGIFs and regular team events Über uns Jetzt bewerben Vielen Dank für Ihr Interesse an Bitwala. Bitte füllen Sie das folgende Formular aus. Sollten Sie Probleme beim Hochladen Ihrer Daten haben, senden Sie bitte eine E-Mail an jobs@bitwala.com. Name *   E-Mail * Etwas ist schiefgelaufen \u2026 Telefon Verfügbar ab * Gehaltsvorstellung * Dokumente * Please upload your CV a short cover letter (max. 20 MB in total). Klicken Sie, um mehrere Dateien auszuwählen, oder verwenden Sie Drag & Drop Ort * GitHub LinkedIn Cover Letter * Hiermit bestätige ich, dass ich die Datenschutzerklärung zur Kenntnis genommen habe. Dokument wird hochgeladen. Bitte warten Sie. Bewerbung abschicken Abbruch Powered by Personio  |  personio.de Datenschutzerklärung  |  Impressum",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- personio"
}