{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/1936a438-31da-40b2-94fe-f6ee0637f5d7/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/kraken-digital-asset-exchange-recruiting-administrator-europe/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Recruiting Administrator - Europe",
    "Hash": "0346CDC34D85CC420BAB4685319CB773",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/1936a438-31da-40b2-94fe-f6ee0637f5d7?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Recruiting Administrator - Europe Remote / People Experience / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! We are looking for a detail-oriented, process-driven and innovative Recruiting Administrator to provide day to day support to the global recruiting team.  Your primary responsibility will be to oversee the scheduling of virtual and onsite interviews as well as any candidate travel that occurs. Responsibilities Coordinate and schedule candidate interviews (e.g. phone screens, video conferences, and onsite interviews), securing conference rooms, and arranging travel if necessary Work with recruiters, recruiting management, and hiring managers to ensure a positive experience for candidates Balancing multiple calendars and video conferencing across global time zones Handles all internal team scheduling needs as directed by recruiting manager Post jobs to external job sites keeping budget and effectiveness at top of mind Manage content of job posting portals (Glassdoor, LinkedIn, AngelList) Track and report on job posting costs Supports a team of recruiters and facilitates communication between hiring teams and the candidates Assists with identifying issues affecting recruitment and implementing recruitment activities to continuously improve process. Providing regular updates and maintaining feedback loop between all parties Help coordinate and provide support for recruiting events (e.g. career fairs) Update candidate records in the Applicant Tracking System (ATS) Implement an efficient process for recruitment cost management Research and stay on top of current and emerging recruitment technologies  Coordinate and optimize weekly Hot Job Alerts for company-wide distribution Complete administrative tasks, special projects and assignments Who are you? You have a minimum of two (2) years of administrative support experience in recruitment or related area You love technology and embrace new and innovative ways to work in the digital world You are self-motivated and desire to make a valuable contribution to help manage projects requested by team members and to propose and manage your own projects that will make a difference and create efficiencies You are recognized regularly for your attention to detail and consider anything less than 100% accurate to be unacceptable You thrive in a fast-paced environment and are not afraid to collaborate with others to ensure prioritization of work is understood and well communicated You prefer to have a lot of different things going on at one time, and context-switching doesn\u2019t slow you down People always come to you when they have questions on how to organize or do things more efficiently You\u2019re known for displaying a high degree of discretion in all things but especially when handling confidential matters  You\u2019re intrigued about the crypto space and want to work somewhere that is doing super cool things Nice to Haves Proficiency with Lever Knowledge of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies Experience in high growth technology company a plus We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever"
}