{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/saltlending/jobs/4682334002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/salt-lending-backend-developer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Job Application for Backend Developer at SALT",
    "Hash": "0700D769B8BE6BBA403735F4ABE5FD70",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/saltlending/jobs/4682334002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "Unknown",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Apply Now Backend Developer at SALT Denver, Colorado SALT offers crypto-backed loans and a suite of technology solutions for individuals and businesses including wallet management and monitoring. We provide the technology, infrastructure, and tools that make it easy for crypto holders, blockchain businesses, and traditional institutions to participate in the blockchain economy and get the most out of their crypto assets. What you will do: Contribute to web services to support the automation and scaling of our business using TypeScript, Rust, and Haskell Invent solutions around the blockchain of our supported currencies eg. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Dash, Ripple Work in an ever-evolving micro-service architecture Collaborate closely on agile teams of designers, developers, and product managers to build new features and applications. Write automated tests around your code and leverage type checkers for maximal reliability. Research and educate the team on new technologies, from theoretical blockchain features to third party integrations. Explore topics of interest and share with other team members Consistently document development reasoning, processes, and procedures ???????????? What you have: A proven history of writing scalable, modular, resilient, and maintainable code. Excitement and drive to learn new programming languages and technologies. An interest in or experience with a typed-functional programming mindset (eg. Haskell, Scala, Purescript, Elm etc.) A willingness to self-learn and be open minded A working knowledge of AWS or other cloud hosting architectures. Respect for quality assurance and the ability to write robust integration and unit tests. Understanding of Bitcoin and Ethereum fundamentals, e.g... What is the purpose of mining? How is consensus enforced? How is Bitcoin sent from one address to another? How does this differ from Ethereum? Familiarity with cryptographic primitives like hashing and public-key cryptography. Excellent references and a history of trust in former careers Job type: Full-time. Greater Denver Area.???????????? Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Location (City) * Resume/CV * Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Github or Portfolio How did you hear about this job? U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at SALT are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. How do I know if I have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by???????????? Read our Privacy Policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- greenhouse",
    "KeyTerms": "haskell, litecoin, github, wallet, scala, loans, product manager, cryptography, privacy, full time, unit test, cloud, consensus, rust, ethereum, back end, ripple, compliance, typescript, agile, aws, bitcoin, functional program",
    "Location": "Denver, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "SALT",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
