{
    "Body": "Health Home & Lifestyle Insurance Personal Finance Software Blood Tests Contact Lenses Cord Blood Banking DNA Testing Diet Plans Essential Oils Fitness Tracker Hair Loss Treatments Hearing Aids Invisible Braces Medical Alerts Medicare Supplement Insurance Online Doctor Online Methods to Quit Smoking Online Pharmacies Online Therapy Prenatal Vitamins Stairlifts Treadmills Walk-in Tubs A/C Repair Air Purifiers Appliance Repair Bathroom Remodel Bed Bug Control Blinds Car Shipping Company Cat Food Cell Phones for Seniors Cruise Lines DIY Home Security Dishwashers Dog Food Dog Food Meal Delivery Services Drones Electric Dog Fences Electric Toothbrushes Engagement Rings Eye Cream Fiber Optic Internet Flower Delivery Gutter Guards Home Security Home Warranties Hotels Kitchen Remodel Lawn Care Services Mattresses Meal Delivery Services Mold Removal Moving Companies Music Streaming Services Pest Control Pet Sitting Refrigerators Replacement Windows Satellite Internet Satellite TV Solar Energy Companies Standing Desks Storage Units Sunscreen TV Providers TV Streaming Services Termite Control Vacation Rentals Volunteer Opportunities in Puerto Rico Washers & Dryers Water Filters Wine Clubs Wireless Hotspots Yoga Mats Boat Insurance Business Insurance Car Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Cheap Home Insurance Commercial Truck Insurance Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Earthquake Insurance Flood Insurance Health Insurance Homeowners Insurance Landlord Insurance Life Insurance Long Term Care Insurance Medical Air Transport Motorcycle Insurance Pet Insurance RV Insurance Renters Insurance SR-22 Insurance Short Term Health Insurance Travel Insurance Vision Insurance Wedding Insurance Annuities Auto Refinance Banks Business Checking Accounts CDs Car Warranties Checking Accounts Credit Cards Credit Repair Credit Reporting Cryptocurrency Exchange Debt Relief FHA Loans Gold IRAs Home Equity Loans Hotel Rewards Programs IRAs Identity Theft Protection Money Market Accounts Mortgage Rates Mortgage Refinance Online Financial Advisors Online Stock Brokers Paid Surveys Peer to Peer Lending Personal Finance Personal Loans Prepaid Cards Reverse Mortgages Robo-Advisors Roth IRAs Savings Accounts Small Business Loans Structured Settlements Student Loan Refinance Student Loans Tax Relief VA Loans Accounting Software Anti-Virus Software Background Checks Business Phone Systems CRM Software Chatbots Cloud Storage Digital Signature Software ERP Software Fleet Tracking Software Hosted Exchange Human Resources Software for Small Businesses Job Search Sites Language Learning Software Last Will & Testament Software Live Chat Software Office 365 for Business Online Backup Online Dating Sites Online Personal Training Parental Control Apps Password Manager Payroll Software Point of Sale Services Presentation Software Project Management Software Resume Builders Stock Photo Websites Tax Preparation Software VPNs Video Hosting VoIP Services Web Hosting WordPress Hosting eCommerce Websites About us|Careers Login|Sign Up Health Blood Tests Contact Lenses Cord Blood Banking DNA Testing Diet Plans Essential Oils Fitness Tracker Hair Loss Treatments Hearing Aids Invisible Braces Medical Alerts Medicare Supplement Insurance Online Doctor Online Methods to Quit Smoking Online Pharmacies Online Therapy Prenatal Vitamins Stairlifts Treadmills Walk-in Tubs Home & Lifestyle A/C Repair Air Purifiers Appliance Repair Bathroom Remodel Bed Bug Control Blinds Car Shipping Company Cat Food Cell Phones for Seniors Cruise Lines DIY Home Security Dishwashers Dog Food Dog Food Meal Delivery Services Drones Electric Dog Fences Electric Toothbrushes Engagement Rings Eye Cream Fiber Optic Internet Flower Delivery Gutter Guards Home Security Home Warranties Hotels Kitchen Remodel Lawn Care Services Mattresses Meal Delivery Services Mold Removal Moving Companies Music Streaming Services Pest Control Pet Sitting Refrigerators Replacement Windows Satellite Internet Satellite TV Solar Energy Companies Standing Desks Storage Units Sunscreen TV Providers TV Streaming Services Termite Control Vacation Rentals Volunteer Opportunities in Puerto Rico Washers & Dryers Water Filters Wine Clubs Wireless Hotspots Yoga Mats Insurance Boat Insurance Business Insurance Car Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Cheap Home Insurance Commercial Truck Insurance Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Earthquake Insurance Flood Insurance Health Insurance Homeowners Insurance Landlord Insurance Life Insurance Long Term Care Insurance Medical Air Transport Motorcycle Insurance Pet Insurance RV Insurance Renters Insurance SR-22 Insurance Short Term Health Insurance Travel Insurance Vision Insurance Wedding Insurance Personal Finance Annuities Auto Refinance Banks Business Checking Accounts CDs Car Warranties Checking Accounts Credit Cards Credit Repair Credit Reporting Cryptocurrency Exchange Debt Relief FHA Loans Gold IRAs Home Equity Loans Hotel Rewards Programs IRAs Identity Theft Protection Money Market Accounts Mortgage Rates Mortgage Refinance Online Financial Advisors Online Stock Brokers Paid Surveys Peer to Peer Lending Personal Finance Personal Loans Prepaid Cards Reverse Mortgages Robo-Advisors Roth IRAs Savings Accounts Small Business Loans Structured Settlements Student Loan Refinance Student Loans Tax Relief VA Loans Software Accounting Software Anti-Virus Software Background Checks Business Phone Systems CRM Software Chatbots Cloud Storage Digital Signature Software ERP Software Fleet Tracking Software Hosted Exchange Human Resources Software for Small Businesses Job Search Sites Language Learning Software Last Will & Testament Software Live Chat Software Office 365 for Business Online Backup Online Dating Sites Online Personal Training Parental Control Apps Password Manager Payroll Software Point of Sale Services Presentation Software Project Management Software Resume Builders Stock Photo Websites Tax Preparation Software VPNs Video Hosting VoIP Services Web Hosting WordPress Hosting eCommerce Websites Login Sign Up About us Careers 2020 \u00c2\u00a9 All Rights Reserved Many or all of the companies featured here provide compensation to us. These commissions are how we maintain our free service for consumers. Compensation, along with hours of in-depth editorial research, determines where & how companies appear below.\u00c2\u00a0Learn More At ConsumersAdvocate.org, we take transparency seriously. x To that end, you should know that many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. The following companies are our partners in Job Search Sites: Monster.com, and ZipRecruiter. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on the page. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. If you have any specific questions while considering which product or service you may buy, feel free to reach out to us anytime. If you choose to click on the links on our site, we may receive compensation. If you don't click the links on our site or use the phone numbers listed on our site we will not be compensated. Ultimately the choice is yours. The analyses and opinions on our site are our own and our editors and staff writers are instructed to maintain editorial integrity. Our brand, ConsumersAdvocate.org, stands for accuracy and helpful information. We know we can only be successful if we take your trust in us seriously! To find out more about how we make money and our editorial process, click here. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within our site are the property of their respective trademark holders. Any reference in this website to third party trademarks is to identify the corresponding third party goods and/or services. Best Job Search Sites Based on In-Depth Reviews Before you decide which job search website is best for you, learn about the available options & compare the top-rated online utilities for finding employment. Last Updated: June 20, 2020 200+ Hours of research 25+ Sources used 27 Companies vetted 3 Features reviewed 12 Top Picks Our Team of Researchers: Our Site is Referenced By Consumer Advocacy What you need to know Job Search Sites Share on: Search across multiple job search sites for best results. Tailoring your resume to each job is a great way of showing hiring managers you\u2019re a good fit. Add relevant keywords to your resume to improve your chances with recruiters. Our Approach How we analyzed the best Job Search Sites Ease of Navigation Look for filters by job type, salary, location, level, and company size. We also liked sites that let you read job postings in the same window without having to switch to a different tab. Job Alerts We favored sites that let you create job alerts based on your search filters, with emails or push notifications for new posts. This eliminates the need to log into the site every day. Additional Services Many companies also specialize in offering career-related services, such as resume builders to spruce up your CV, feedback on your cover letter, or interview coaching. 46 People found this helpful. HelpfulNot Helpful We receive compensation from these\u00c2\u00a0partners, which impacts the order they appear on the page. That said, the analyses and opinions on our site are our own and we believe in\u00c2\u00a0editorial integrity. The following companies are our partners in Job Search Sites: Monster.com, and ZipRecruiter. Our Top Picks: Job Search Sites Reviews Indeed.com review Best Overall Indeed is the number one result on Google for job search sites and our pick for Best Overall. According to the company, ten jobs are posted to the site every second. The site\u2019s layout is simple and easy to navigate. One of the features that differentiates it from other job search sites is an advanced search similar to Google\u2019s, which lets you search for specific job titles or word-for-word phrases in the job description. Screenshot indeed.com, September 3, 2019. Indeed lets you upload your resume to your profile, which makes it easy to apply for jobs through the site or receive inquiries from potential employers. You can also complete skill assessments (such as typing) and post the results on your profile, so employers can see your proficiencies.\u00c2\u00a0 Indeed has company profiles where employees can post reviews and job seekers can post questions for employees, and offers career advice to job seekers through their blog. This section includes sample resume and cover letters sorted by industry that can help you build a more effective application package. Screenshot indeed.com, September 9, 2019. Additionally, Indeed has launched a service called Indeed Prime, a free recruitment aid for job seekers in the tech industry. After you create a profile, Prime reviews it, then puts you in contact with vetted companies seeking people with your qualifications. They also offer a $2,000 referral bonus if a friend you refer to Indeed Prime gets hired by a participating company. The Flip Side Indeed Prime is only available for tech jobs right now, and your application goes through a vetting process where Prime staff verify that you meet their requirements. VISIT SITE Monster.com review Best for Additional Services Monster was one of the first major job search sites on the internet back in the late nineties, and it\u2019s still a great website. The layout is clean and intuitive. The search page doesn\u2019t have as many filtering options as other sites, but it does include an advanced search that lets you search for specific job titles. Screenshot monster.com, September 4, 2019. When you create a profile on Monster, you can upload your resume and request a free resume review. If your resume review finds areas of improvement and you can\u2019t\u2014or don\u2019t know how to\u2014make it better, you can select one of three packages to have a professional resume writer make you a new one. You can choose to just have your resume rewritten, rewrite your cover letter as well, or revamp your LinkedIn profile, which potential employers look at frequently. Each package comes with a 60-day satisfaction guarantee: if you\u2019re not happy with the end result, Monster will rewrite the resume for free. Screenshot monster.com, September 4, 2019. Monster also has a career advice blog with articles, videos, and even an advice column you can write into with any questions. There are resume templates, sample thank you notes, practice interview questions, and much more. The Flip Side The salary estimate page doesn\u2019t offer a lot of information outside of salary averages that you would find on other sites. VISIT SITE Glassdoor review Best for Company Reviews and Salary Information Where The Muse lets employers create profiles to attract potential employees, Glassdoor focuses on letting employees post anonymous reviews on company pages. These company pages are very comprehensive, and include information on common interview questions, the CEO\u2019s approval rating, employee satisfaction with benefits, among other things. One thing to keep in mind, whether you\u2019re looking at company profiles prepared by the company itself or company reviews written by current and former employees, is the author\u2019s possible bias. Companies will always try to put their best foot forward, while employees may have their own reasons for giving an employer a good or bad review. We believe the more information job seekers have, the better prepared they\u2019ll be to make a decision, so long as that data is evaluated fairly, dispassionately, and critically. Screenshot glassdoor.com, September 4, 2019. Glassdoor lets you narrow down your job search results using almost a dozen filters, such as location, company size, industry, and salary range, among others. Using these filters, you can also set up a job alert to receive new job postings at your email address daily or weekly. One feature we really like is Know Your Worth. In addition to employee reviews, Glassdoor also gathers salary data. When you look at a listing that doesn\u2019t include wage information, you\u2019ll see an estimated salary range drawn from these surveys. Glassdoor also uses this information for a widget that gives you an idea of whether you\u2019re being paid fairly in your current job, taking into consideration the industry and your position, location, experience, etc. It\u2019s important to note that these graphics are based on an estimated market value based on user input, but they can still be really useful. Screenshot glassdoor.com, September 4, 2019. The Flip Side Glassdoor doesn\u2019t seem to have much control over who can post company reviews. One of our writers was able to write a review for Starbucks\u2014where she has never worked. (Note: we deleted the review immediately after). VISIT SITE LinkedIn review Best for Networking LinkedIn is, first and foremost, a social networking site. It\u2019s based upon the idea that, since most employers hire from people they know or candidates their employees recommend, having a network of people who know your qualifications can help you when it comes to job seeking. Recruiters also heavily rely on LinkedIn to find people, so the more complete and detailed your LinkedIn profile, the better your chances of getting contacted for a job. Screenshot linkedin.com, September 4, 2019. Job seekers are increasingly using LinkedIn to find new opportunities through its job search page that works much like the other sites on this list. You can sort for jobs from companies that are in your network, which is really useful because you\u2019re more likely to get a call back from a company where you know an employee who can speak well of you.\u00c2\u00a0 Screenshot linkedin.com, September 4, 2019. Where LinkedIn really shines, however, is with the Premium subscription. Signing up for the Premium Career plan lets you send private messages to recruiters you haven\u2019t connected with, see who has viewed your profile and where they work, and compare yourself with other applicants for the same position. Most importantly, it puts you at the top of the applicant pile with a \u201cFeatured Applicant\u201d label, so recruiters will notice you first. The subscription starts at $29.99 charged monthly or $19.99 per month, charged annually. The Flip Side LinkedIn leans strongly towards professional, salaried work, so those looking for hourly jobs aren\u2019t likely to find good opportunities here. You need to keep a close eye on your LinkedIn profile to make it effective, which means adding or removing information that isn\u2019t giving you the results you want. VISIT SITE The Muse review Best for Company Profiles While The Muse started out as a career advice blog, it\u2019s now turned into a very impressive job search site. You can browse for job postings from all kinds of industries. Muse partners with employers to build company profiles that show each company\u2019s unique culture. The profile includes interviews with current employees and other information you can use to decide if the company is right for you. Screenshot themuse.com, September 9, 2019. The Muse also offers career coaching services. People at all stages of their careers may find this useful, as it can help them with everything from building a resume to improving their people management skills. The cost of each package is determined by the coach\u2019s level of expertise. This is the only part of The Muse that\u2019s not free.\u00c2\u00a0 Screenshot themuse.com, August 22, 2019. \u00c2\u00a0The Flip Side The Muse doesn\u2019t have a job alerts feature, so you\u2019ll have to run a new search every time to see if there are new postings. Only companies on the higher end of the revenue scale advertise here, so you might be missing out on many smaller businesses that could be great for you. VISIT SITE Other Great Job Search Sites ZipRecruiter: Another major job search site that lets you set up job alerts, keep track of the jobs you\u2019ve applied for, and upload your resume so recruiters can find you. You can also see suggested jobs based on your search history. CareerBuilder: A very easy-to-navigate job search page with companies that allow candidates to \u201cEasy Apply\u201d (meaning you don\u2019t have to manually submit you resume every time.) The Career Path feature shows the average national salary for your title. VelvetJobs: A paid job search site (prices start at $9.99/week) where you can find curated job postings from companies in the media, entertainment, and fashion industries, and a free resume-building tool with templates. It also offers outplacement services, which companies use to help former employees transition into new jobs. The Ladders: This site is aimed towards people in mid- or upper-level positions who are looking for new opportunities. A Premium subscription gives you access to targeted job postings and a featured spot on recruiters\u2019 lists for $29.99 per month. Our Research More insight into our methodology To find the best job search sites on the internet, we first took a look at the most visited companies. Big-name sites like Monster, Indeed, and ZipRecruiter landed on our list early on, as we were interested in seeing if they really measured up to their reputations. Then we went a bit further afield, looking for smaller sites that, despite offering fewer features than the better-known pages, were still very good at what they do. By the end of our initial research, we had compiled a list of almost thirty job search sites.\u00c2\u00a0 We then narrowed down our choices by evaluating every company by the number of job postings and whether they specialized in an industry or a specific type of job. We looked at how intuitively a job seeker could search their job boards, the available search filters, and whether users could set up email alerts to let them know when new jobs meeting their requirements were posted. Also, because employers tend to post on multiple job boards at the same time, we favored companies that offer job seekers additional services such as writing resumes, reviewing LinkedIn profiles, and even career advancement courses. In the end, we had five companies we really liked for various reasons, and we organized them according to the following categories: Best for Company Profiles and Reviews: Searching for a job isn\u2019t just about the position; it\u2019s about the company\u2019s values, culture, and experience. These sites double as industry or company research sources, so job seekers can learn more about the companies they can work with.\u00c2\u00a0 Best for Additional Services: Many job search sites offer services like career coaching and resume building, which can help job seekers not only optimize their search, but become a more attractive candidate for recruiters. Best for Networking: The sites in this category understand that most of the time, companies recruit from within or through referrals. Sites that combine job searching with networking can open up an entire world of opportunities by leveraging the power of personal connections. Other Sites: In this category, we placed those companies that we think do a great job of letting job-seekers find and apply for jobs, but don\u2019t offer anything else. The lack of a full-length review here doesn\u2019t mean they\u2019re not worthy of your attention. Ease of Navigation It\u2019s often said that finding a job is a full-time job in itself, so sites with effective ways to streamline the process are key. The usability of a job search site is arguably its most important feature. To compile our list of the best job search sites, we looked for companies with an intuitive and easy-to-use interface, and detailed filters to help job seekers find the types of jobs they want. Being able to filter by type of job\u2014from part-time and contract positions to seasonal work and full-time permanent jobs\u2014is an invaluable help in narrowing down results. Other useful filters are location, company size, position level (from internships and entry-level all the way up to executive roles), and salary.\u00c2\u00a0 This last one, salary, is a tricky way to narrow down results, however: employers don\u2019t always provide salary information in job posts. Often, sites rely on employees who provide information on their own salaries, which may be misleading. More frequently, sites aggregate data from different sources and provide average salaries for the position, company, and location. This information can serve as a guideline for knowing what the base salary might be, but it shouldn\u2019t be used to eliminate positions from the running outright, unless it\u2019s information specifically provided by the employer. Job Alerts As we mentioned above, website features that help job seekers use their time more effectively earned top marks from us. One of these features is job alerts. Once a job seeker sets up search filters to their satisfaction, they can set up an email or device notification that lets them know whenever new jobs are posted that meet their search criteria. Not every site offers job alerts. Sites that don\u2019t require job seekers to log in periodically, run their search again, and sort through the results to see whether any new postings are a good fit. Running the same search every day or so is not the best use of anyone\u2019s time. Therefore, in most cases we preferred sites that offered job alerts.\u00c2\u00a0 Additional Services Whereas the job search industry used to be composed only of job boards, many sites are now pivoting into career-coaching services. Acknowledging that many applicants have ineffective resumes and cover letters, sites regularly partner with professional career coaches to offer resume writing services, and help compose cover letters that can land you an interview. This is important because your resume and cover letter are the first things a recruiter will see. Having ample experience and a wide range of skills doesn\u2019t mean much if employers aren\u2019t impressed by your application. Everything from the format to the layout of the documents can have a positive\u2014or negative\u2014impact. Many other sites are also offering additional career-building services, like interview coaching, which helps you make a stellar personal impression and takes you that much closer to a job offer. Helpful information about Job Search Sites Getting a Job In The 21st Century Even though the national unemployment rate is the lowest it\u2019s been since 1969, for many it seems that finding a fulfilling and well-paying job has never been more difficult. Gone are the days of walking into an office, handing in your resume, and getting a call back the same day. The same goes for being recruited into a career straight out of college.\u00c2\u00a0 According to a study conducted by Burning Glass Technologies, 43 percent of recent college graduates are considered \u201cunderemployed\u201d in their first job after graduation. That means that almost half of grads are working jobs that don\u2019t require bachelor\u2019s degrees and which often don\u2019t pay livable wages. When you combine this reality with the heavy weight of student loan debt, the situation can be very frustrating. Searching for jobs online lets you cast a wider net than ever before. But that has not always been the case. In an article published in 2002, Peter Kuhn of the University of California at Santa Barbara and Mikal Skuterud of the University of Waterloo found that, at the time, people who searched for jobs online tended to be unemployed for longer.\u00c2\u00a0 Kuhn told us that \u201cit used to be the case in the early days that people looked on job boards sort of as a last resort. They didn't have a lot of informal contacts [and] they tried other things that didn't work.\u201d However, the trend has reversed in the last twenty years, and periods of unemployment were found to have shortened by 25 percent in 2011. Kuhn added: \u201cI think the technology has improved a great deal. [Searching for jobs online] has become a universal way to look for work. Even if you're looking for a job informally, by contacts or a job board, you're doing it with things like LinkedIn [so] you're doing it online as well.\u201d In this guide, we\u2019ll talk about how job search sites work, what they do to attract the best applicants, and how you can optimize your application to get the job you want\u2014whether you\u2019re just out of college, switching industries, or re-entering the workforce. The Low-Down on Job Search Sites Job search sites get job information in two ways. Employers can post open positions on the website, sometimes paying a fee for every application received through them, or they can post the jobs on the company\u2019s internal job board and allow the job search site to display the post. Sometimes, employers pay to give the post a prominent position in the search results. You\u2019ll see these posts marked as \u201cfeatured\u201d or \u201csponsored\u201d.\u00c2\u00a0 Almost every job search site allows candidates to browse job postings without an account, but you get additional perks if you log in. For example, many sites permit you to upload your resume to your profile so you can apply for jobs directly and quickly through the site. Once you find a job post you like, you can click a button to send your employment and education history, saving you time you would otherwise have spent filling in a lengthy application form. With most sites, if you do create an account, you can also opt into receiving daily or weekly alerts for the same criteria you selected. Then, whenever a new job that checks all your boxes is posted, you\u2019ll get an email so you can submit your application. By setting up job alerts on multiple sites, you can avoid having to search for new jobs every single day, which can go really far in keeping you sane during the job search process. Finding the Right Job Search Site Most companies will use more than one job search site to advertise their job postings. This strategy allows them to cast a wide net and reach more candidates. For job seekers, looking for jobs in more than one site also makes sense.\u00c2\u00a0 While most job seekers can find plenty of quality job postings by checking only the most popular sites, it\u2019s good to remember that there are smaller job sites that cater to specialized industries. For a lot of people, looking for jobs on one or two of these niche sites might be enough to find really great prospects, especially for smaller companies that might get buried under the heavy hitters on other sites. For example: If you\u2019re interested in going into public service, check out USA Jobs for employment opportunities in the federal government, and Government Jobs for job postings at the municipal, state, and federal levels. For jobs in technology, look on Dice, which focuses on jobs for web developers and engineers, and lets you search by coding language, software, etc. Another top choice for tech jobs is Hired, where you create a profile and companies reach out to you. Employment in non-profit organizations can be found through sites like Idealist and Encore. This last one stands out because its aim is to help the 50+ population get involved with volunteer work that can make use of the skills they developed during their career. College students or grads have many sites to choose from, but two of the most popular ones are Handshake and College Recruiter, both of which list internships, volunteer opportunities, and entry-level positions. People who are interested in remote work have Remotey and Jobspresso, which only post jobs that let you work from home or wherever you are.\u00c2\u00a0 For people in journalism, publishing, or media, there\u2019s Mediabistro and JournalismJobs, both of which have been going strong for twenty years. Mediabistro also publishes industry news, so signing up for their newsletter is especially useful. If you\u2019re looking for hourly or minimum-wage work, try Snag, where hundreds of companies in food service, retail, and customer service advertise job postings from around the country. These are just a few examples of the most popular niche job boards on the web right now, but you can find similar results for practically every industry out there. Try searching for \u201c[your industry] + job site\u201d and see which results come up.\u00c2\u00a0 What is an ATS? Once your application is zooming across cyberspace to potential employers, it may find an Applicant-Tracking System (ATS) blocking its path. These systems, as the name says, help hiring managers and recruiters keep an accurate record of everyone applying for jobs with the company, who has been contacted for an interview, and other progress statuses leading up to hiring. In addition, the ATS has a key job at the start of the hiring pipeline: applicants who don\u2019t have the qualifications for the job are filtered out of the pool. The ATS scans your application for keywords that show you\u2019re a good candidate for the job. For example, if you\u2019re applying for a job as an Office Manager, the ATS may be programmed to flag you as a potential hire if your resume contains words or phrases like \u201cmanaged schedule\u201d or \u201cbudgeting\u201d. Of course, an ATS is unlikely to be as accurate as a human being who reads the application and catches subtle variations in meaning. For example, perhaps you\u2019re used to referring to one of your duties as \u201ccalendar management\u201d instead of \u201cscheduling\u201d. If the ATS isn\u2019t configured to allow for regional or industry variations, your application may fall through the cracks. Luckily, there are a few things you can do to help your application land in front of the right people. Optimize Your Application Your Resume Your resume is arguably the most important component of your application. It\u2019s the first thing an ATS will scan and the first thing a hiring manager will read. Your focus should be on making it readable, comprehensive, and relevant. Beatriz Ferreria, a hiring manager at ConsumersAdvocate.org, put it succinctly, \u201cif you don\u2019t get a call back, it\u2019s your resume that\u2019s the problem. If you get an interview, but you don\u2019t get the job, it\u2019s you that\u2019s the problem.\u201d So, let\u2019s focus on the first part of the equation. Lose the Fancy Formatting The more formatting your resume has, the more likely it is that it will confuse the ATS. Instead, use a simple text format that highlights your work experience, education, and skills. Only use fonts that are pre-installed on most computers. Some sources suggest that using serif fonts like Times New Roman and Georgia can trip the ATS up. To play it safe, stick to sans serif fonts such as Arial, Tahoma, and Verdana. Save it as a Microsoft Word document (.doc) or a plain text file (.txt). The file name should be simple too: just the position you\u2019re applying for and your name. Keywords Are Key When you see a job posting you like, take a few minutes to identify its keywords. These are specific words that identify important roles or responsibilities for the job. Then, integrate them into your resume where applicable. If the job post is asking for \u201ccustomer service experience,'' don\u2019t just say that you \u201chelped shoppers process their orders\u201d. If you use the terms the company uses in the job posting, it\u2019s more likely that the ATS will identify you as a good candidate and move you through to the next round. New Job Application, New Resume A typical mistake when it comes to applying for jobs is using the same resume for every application. Every company is different, from its culture and values to the specific qualifications they\u2019re seeking in a candidate. To improve your chances of getting through the ATS and nabbing an interview, you should tailor your resume for every job. For example, if the posting says they\u2019re seeking someone with \u201ca proven ability to multitask\u201d, you might emphasize that time you juggled three different projects and achieved excellent results for all of them. Identify what the company is looking for and show them you\u2019ve got it. Which leads us to\u2026 Show, Don\u2019t Tell For every job on your resume, you should include a detailed (but not lengthy) description of what you were responsible for and what you achieved in that role. You can mention how good you are at multitasking until you\u2019re blue in the face, but if you don\u2019t give specific instances of how that ability came into play in your previous jobs, the recruiter won\u2019t necessarily take your word for it. Instead of writing, \u201cWas responsible for managing client accounts\u201d, say \u201cOversaw management of 52 accounts over three years, developed relationships with 5 new clients, and helped increased revenue by 45%\u201d. Put numbers on your achievements whenever possible.\u00c2\u00a0 Describe Your Career Objectives This section goes right under your name, and it\u2019s your \u201celevator pitch\u201d for the hiring manager; that is, a brief summary of why you\u2019re the right person for this job. Here, you should mention your current position, how long you\u2019ve been in the industry, the stand-out skills that make you a great candidate, and the kind of job you\u2019re looking for. That last one should always be the one you\u2019re applying for, of course. This is one more reason you shouldn\u2019t use the same resume for every application\u2014your objective should be tailored to each job. How to Write a Cover Letter The cover letter is quite possibly the most hated job-related document in the history of job applications. It\u2019s tedious, and more than a little awkward, to write a letter to someone you don\u2019t know about why they should hire you. To top it off, a 2015 study by recruiter software company Jobvite found that 65% of hiring managers think cover letters are one of the least important factors considered in the hiring process. Of course, this doesn\u2019t mean it won\u2019t play into the decision at all. As Lisa Lewis, career coach and CEO of Career Clarity, put it: \u201cif there's a 50% [chance] they won't look at [your cover letter], there's also a 50% chance they will look at it.\u201d\u00c2\u00a0 She added that \u201cif that's the thing that helps you tell your story and differentiate yourself, you would probably be really sad if you chose not to do it and it cost you the opportunity.\u201d The fact is, a cover letter can be a very effective way of crafting a narrative around your resume, especially if you\u2019re switching industries or re-entering the job market after a hiatus, as in the case of parents who took time off to care for young children, people with chronic illnesses, or caretakers. Think of it as a longer version of your resume\u2019s career objective.\u00c2\u00a0 To start, nix the \u201cTo Whom It May Concern.\u201d Writing that ubiquitous greeting might be the easy way out, but it doesn\u2019t say much about your care or attention to detail. Find out the name of the hiring manager who is responsible for filling this position and address the letter to them directly.\u00c2\u00a0 You might need to call the company directly to get this information. Not only does it show that you\u2019re truly interested in the position, but you\u2019ll automatically stand out because most people won\u2019t do this. Remember to ask the hiring manager\u2019s gender identification: you don\u2019t want to address Taylor Smith as Mr. Smith when she\u2019s actually Ms. Smith. If you heard about the job from a friend or colleague, mention them by name in the cover letter. That could be the push you need to get your foot in the door.\u00c2\u00a0 In addition, mention the specific position you\u2019re interested in and then tell them why you\u2019re a good fit. Showcase your most notable achievements and skills by giving specific examples.\u00c2\u00a0 And last, but definitely not least, make sure to show the company what they can gain from hiring you and how your knowledge and skills could help them in the long run.\u00c2\u00a0 All in all, remember that the cover letter should never be longer than a single page.\u00c2\u00a0 Your Search There are ways to make your search more efficient as well. For starters, avoid the impulse to apply to every single job and company you come across. Odds are you won\u2019t get an interview for each of those jobs, so your time is better spent focusing on fewer jobs for which you truly believe you are well-suited and making sure you have a stellar resume and cover letter tailored for those jobs. Ferreria went even further than that: \u201cMake a list of the top ten companies you would like to work for and send the resume directly to them.\u201d In other words, make a (realistic) wishlist of companies whose work is interesting to you, that are looking to fill positions whose requirements you meet, and with corporate values similar to yours. This also means doing research on potential employers even before you apply. Ferreria posed the hypothetical scenario of a candidate who does not approve of alcohol mistakenly applying for a job that would require them to work with whiskey distilleries. Researching the company before applying can save you the awkwardness of having to turn down an interview (or even a job offer) from a company that simply isn\u2019t a good fit. The research component of the job search will also help you later on when you are interviewed, because you\u2019ll be in a better position to ask questions of the interviewer that show you have a genuine interest in the company. Another tip Ferreria has for job seekers is to track your applications. \u201cIn my experience, [when I call] candidates who send out resumes like crazy, [...]they ask me, \u2018What position was this for?\u2019\u201d She said she doesn\u2019t mind answering the question, but it shows a lack of attention that can be an immediate turn-off. There are online tools available for this purpose, such as Huntr, which lets you add jobs to a board and sort them by status (wishlist, applied, rejected, interviewed), but an Excel spreadsheet is one of the simplest ways to do it. You can download our application tracker template below. Finally, if you\u2019re still using your silly email from freshman year of college, consider opening a new account with a more professional-sounding address just for job seeking. An address with just your name (and maybe your state, town, or profession if you have an especially common name) will look infinitely better on your resume. But remember to check it often! Potential employers are contacting you through that email, so make sure you\u2019re monitoring it consistently and able to respond quickly should they email you. Job Search Sites: An Employer\u2019s Perspective If you\u2019re an employer, instead of a job seeker, you might be wondering how to find the right job search site on which to advertise your open positions. Many job search sites let you post positions for free, while offering a paid premium option that boosts your posts in applicants\u2019 search results so you can have increased visibility. Ferreria says the top feature she seeks in a job search site is to be able to \u201csee who passed [the first round of consideration], and to rank them by stages, like, \u2018I called them for an interview\u2019 or \u2018I hired them\u2019.\u201d In essence, she says, she\u2019s looking for \u201ca mini ATS to manage my candidates without having to invest in an in-house ATS\u201d. As your company grows, however, you should look into buying your own applicant tracking system. A good ATS lets you cross-post on several job search sites, view applicants from all those sites on the same platform, and classify each applicant according to their stage in the hiring process (considered, interviewed, rejected, hired, etc.) Having this software in-house saves you time and filters for higher-quality candidates. But an ATS can only do so much, and your results will largely depend on the quality of your job post. A good posting can give job seekers a realistic idea of what you\u2019re looking for in the ideal candidate and will attract people that meet at least most of your requirements. A bad posting, on the other hand, can either get you candidates that don\u2019t fit the bill or no candidates at all. Here are some guidelines to help you write an effective job posting. Talk about your company and the work you do. This goes far in letting job seekers know whether they will be a good fit, culture- and skill-wise. Provide contact information. Always include a website and an email or a phone number. It lets applicants know that you\u2019re a real company and gives them the information they need to research you. The email should always be tied to a company domain (so no Gmail or Outlook accounts). Describe the position in detail. List the daily responsibilities the work requires. Think about what a typical day at work looks like for someone with that job title. List the skills the position requires. Considering what the employee needs to do on a daily basis, compile a list of the skills or proficiencies they need to do their job efficiently. Consider including salary information. If the job you want to fill pays below market value, consider including a salary range, which will give candidates fair warning. That way, you\u2019ll avoid interviewing candidates who won\u2019t agree to the pay cut. Don\u2019t advertise for a unicorn. Be realistic about what you need and what you\u2019re likely to find in a candidate. Don\u2019t ask for eight years of experience in a coding language that was developed three years ago. The perfect candidate doesn\u2019t exist, so keep that in mind while writing your job post. Avoid discriminatory language. Anything that mentions the candidate\u2019s race, gender, nationality, physical appearance, etc, should be avoided at all costs (unless it\u2019s a bona fide occupational qualification). Ferreria says that a well-crafted job posting doesn\u2019t have to go into great detail, but it should cover all the points listed above. \u201cA good job description[\u2026] will bring you the right person because they know what you\u2019re looking for [...] And you\u2019ll create branding in the process because you\u2019ll make your company known in a positive way.\u201d Nuggets of Wisdom from Career Coach Lisa Lewis Lisa Lewis, CEO of Career Clarity. (Courtesy of Lisa Lewis) Setting out to find a new job can be akin to putting yourself through an emotional gauntlet. During the course of our research, we spoke with Lisa Lewis, career coach and CEO of Career Clarity. Her career coaching business was established in 2015 and she has helped over 500 people reach their professional goals. Here, she gives us a few tips to help you start your job search off on the right foot and get better results. On whether you should solely rely on applying online: Don't let that be the only way you try to get in front of a hiring manager. If there is anything\u00c2\u00a0you can do to develop a relationship at that organization so that you can mention a person in a cover letter or you send them your resume and see if they can forward it on to their employer, the better off you are. The more coveted the employer is [...] the less likely it is they will hire an external candidate or an online candidate without also having an accompanying internal referral. So, the number one piece of advice is, do not only apply for a job online if you really want it.\u00c2\u00a0 On the importance of speaking the employer\u2019s lingo: Typically, when [employers] are setting up an applicant tracking system, it's looking for specific keywords that give a hiring manager the confidence that you can do the job they're hiring for.\u00c2\u00a0 [...] Something as simple as [seeing that] they want to see experience in \u201cproject management\u201d and you have been talking in your resume about experience in \u201cproject direction\u201d. Changing \u201cdirection\u201d to \u201cmanagement\u201d is a tiny tweak that can have a big impact on whether you make the shortlist for interviews. On what you can learn from rejections: If you're applying for ten jobs and you're not hearing back from at least three of them, you're either applying for jobs that are not a good fit for you or you're not doing a good job at showing your future employer how this would be a good fit for you via your resume or any other professional materials you might be submitting. On how to know if you\u2019re a good fit: In the private career coaching work that I do, I talk about four elements of ideal job fit. (1) Does this role look like a good fit for your strengths and gifts? (2) Does this role seem to align with your interests? (3) Do this organization and this team seem like a good culture fit for your personality? (4) Will this opportunity give you the kinds of benefits and compensation that fit your lifestyle? [...] If you don't know what the answers to those four questions are, it's going to be really hard to strategically pick jobs that are going to be a good fit and it will be very easy to apply for jobs that are a poor fit without knowing it. On why you shouldn\u2019t disqualify yourself for a job: Job descriptions are typically written to find a unicorn, not to find a strong-fit candidate[\u2026] For most employers, hunger and enthusiasm trump perfect experience every time. And it gives job seekers a lot of hope, I think, because there is no such thing as a unicorn candidate out there who fits a job description perfectly to a \u201cT\u201d [...] who the company can also afford. Typically, if you are a 100% fit for a job description, you are applying for something that is too junior for you, and they're not going to hire you because you're going to want a salary that's higher than what they've budgeted for this position. Our Job Search Sites Review Summed Up Company Name The Best for Indeed.com Job Search Site Best Overall Monster.com Job Search Site Best for Additional Services LinkedIn Job Search Site Best for Networking The Muse Job Search Site Best for Company Profiles Glassdoor Job Search Site Best for Company Reviews and Salary Information We receive compensation from these\u00c2\u00a0partners The following companies are our partners in Job Search Sites: Monster.com, and ZipRecruiter. Latest From Our Editors 6 Tips For Optimizing Your Online Job Search Experience The Perils of Lying on Your Resume Advertiser Disclosure At ConsumersAdvocate.org, we take transparency seriously. x To that end, you should know that many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. The following companies are our partners in Job Search Sites: Monster.com, and ZipRecruiter. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on the page. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. If you have any specific questions while considering which product or service you may buy, feel free to reach out to us anytime. If you choose to click on the links on our site, we may receive compensation. If you don't click the links on our site or use the phone numbers listed on our site we will not be compensated. Ultimately the choice is yours. The analyses and opinions on our site are our own and our editors and staff writers are instructed to maintain editorial integrity. Our brand, ConsumersAdvocate.org, stands for accuracy and helpful information. We know we can only be successful if we take your trust in us seriously! To find out more about how we make money and our editorial process, click here. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within our site are the property of their respective trademark holders. Any reference in this website to third party trademarks is to identify the corresponding third party goods and/or services. Useful Resources The Perils of Lying on Your Resume 6 Tips For Optimizing Your Online Job Search Experience Table of Contents How we analyzed the best Job Search Sites Our Top Picks: Job Search Sites Reviews Indeed.com review Monster.com review Glassdoor review LinkedIn review The Muse review Other Great Job Search Sites More insight into our methodology Ease of Navigation Job Alerts Additional Services Helpful information about Job Search Sites Getting a Job In The 21st Century The Low-Down on Job Search Sites Finding the Right Job Search Site What is an ATS? Optimize Your Application How to Write a Cover Letter Job Search Sites: An Employer\u2019s Perspective Nuggets of Wisdom from Career Coach Lisa Lewis Our Job Search Sites Review Summed Up Latest From Our Editors Who We Are About Us Contact Careers Feature Articles The Advocacy Blog Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Licenses & Disclosures Sitemap Popular Categories Car Insurance Home Security Home Warranties Life Insurance Medical Alerts Mortgage Rates Mortgage Refinance Personal Loans Pet Insurance Reverse Mortgages Tax Relief Addresses Physical address: Ad Practitioners, LLC Lots 81-82 Street C Dorado, PR 00646 Mailing address: Ad Practitioners, LLC Metro Office Park 7 calle 1 Suite 204 Guaynabo, PR 00968 Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within our site are the property of their respective trademark holders. Any reference in this website to third party trademarks is to identify the corresponding third party goods and/or services. 2020 \u00c2\u00a9 All Rights Reserved", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "consumersadvocate", 
    "Hash": "093043F25D909AD74A91F048EFC84261", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://getcareerclarity.com/", 
        "https://jobspresso.co/", 
        "https://web.jobvite.com/Q315_Website_2015RecruiterNation_LP.html", 
        "https://www.businessinsider.com/college-degrees-jobs-2011-11", 
        "https://www.careerbuilder.com/", 
        "https://www.cio.com/article/2398753/careers-staffing-5-insider-secrets-for-beating-applicant-tracking-systems.html", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/careers", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/job-search-sites", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/job-search-sites/6-tips-for-optimizing-your-online-job-search-experience", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/p/glassdoor-job-search-site-review?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glassdoor.com%2Findex.htm&vertical_alias=job-search-sites&wafid=2649", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/p/linkedin-job-search-site-review?url=https%3A%2F%2Flinkedin.oedf.net%2Fc%2F137710%2F717104%2F10022%3Fsharedid%3Dpaid&vertical_alias=job-search-sites&wafid=6063", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/p/monster-job-search-site-review?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.monster.com&vertical_alias=job-search-sites&wafid=2627", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/p/the-muse-review?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.themuse.com&vertical_alias=job-search-sites&wafid=2636", 
        "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/ranking?v=job-search-sites", 
        "https://www.governmentjobs.com/", 
        "https://www.journalismjobs.com/", 
        "https://www.snagajob.com/", 
        "https://www.usajobs.gov/", 
        "https://www.velvetjobs.com/", 
        "https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2017/03/10/why-getting-a-good-job-is-so-much-harder-for-todays-college-graduates/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.consumersadvocate.org%2Fjob-search-sites&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjWqI-1hZ7qAhVTMn0KHfXSDKQQFjAMegQICxAB&usg=AOvVaw2A6GByht3Dq_zXgwWxetnT", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- consumersadvocate", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "10 Best Job Search Sites of 2020 | ConsumersAdvocate.org", 
    "Url": "https://www.consumersadvocate.org/job-search-sites"
}
