{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://careers.guts.tickets/",
        "https://guts.tickets/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/guts-office-manager/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "GUTS Tickets \u2014 Honest ticketing",
    "Hash": "0B0AEEE6E77DBDAB3F066AEBC1CA3057",
    "Url": "https://guts.tickets/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "guts",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "GUTS Tickets Home About Support en English enNederlands nl My tickets Honest ticketing GUTS uses blockchain technology to issue honest tickets that put an end to disgraceful secondary market prices and ticket fraud. Our digital tickets come with countless innovative benefits for fans and organizers that you won\u2019t get anywhere else. Learn more Smart, digital tickets, right there in your pocket. Get the GUTS Tickets app. The revolution in ticketing In every aspect you can imagine Digital smart tickets You have total control and insight during your event cycle, thanks to the real-time data that shows ticket ownership & activity. An end to ticket fraud Our tickets are registered on the blockchain and connected to visitor\u2019s smartphones, making fraud impossible. Create, validate, control GUTS not only enables the creation and validation of any type of tickets, it also facilitates (re)selling in a controlled way. Serve all markets Create tickets for several channels on the primary market, and let fans resell them on a controlled secondary market. Previous Theatre shows Club nights Concerts & festivals Business events Next We sold-out Jochem\u2019s comedy tour, totalling over 100.000 tickets! Our app measured interest from fans and provided the data used to sell additional shows. We make sure that party people from 25 different countries get in at these large-scale dance events. We\u2019re filling complete stadiums for Guus Meeuwis, with a mobile friendly floorplan to pick one of the 61 sections. We support Get in the Ring at international events on 5 continents, with custom invites, real-time attendance insights and relevant data to follow-up with. International currencies, no problem. We are confident that we are the future of ticketing and we plan on taking over the world. But first: your event. Get in touch Powerful innovative features For fans, artists, venues & organizers Revenue & costs Unlimited ticket types and upsells, all in one place. Save valuable time and prevent costly mistakes, while enjoying real-time revenue payouts and insights into your finances. Selling & reselling Only you determine how and when tickets are (re)sold. Keep prices the same all around, set up discounts for certain groups or even switch on dynamic pricing. Your call. Marketing efforts Collect relevant data from current & previous ticket holders and friend groups. Cater to specific target groups, identify your superusers and make every move a calculated one. Communication & safety You have a direct line with every ticket holder, whether they are at the event or not. Crowd control becomes a breeze, as you can instantly inform and assist the right people at the right time. Your fanbase & community Build up and connect your engaged fanbase with groups, special offers and direct communication. The blockchain backbone provides full transparency for everyone. Experiences With extreme ease of use and features such as ticket sharing and direct communication, the fun for fans starts the moment a ticket is purchased and goes on until long after the event takes place. Audio Obscura @ ADE Last chance to grab some drinks! Joris Voorn starts in 10 minutes on the main stage. Meet our smart-ticket Powered by GET Protocol on blockchain Linked to a unique mobile phone number Self updating, rotating QR code makes fraud impossible Always sellable: anonymous and quick Locked price: the ticket can never be sold for more than its original set price Multiple privileges packed into one ticket GUTS is the first ticketing system to make use of the Guaranteed Entrance Protocol (GET). Simply put: GET Protocol makes our tickets smart, secure and allows for clear distribution and monitoring of all profits for both primary and secondary markets, using the power of blockchain technology. Check out GET Protocol GUTS Tickets has been featured on: You need some guts? Start selling honest tickets for your event, today! Get in touch GUTS Tickets About us Contact Careers GET Protocol About GET GET Token Community Support Support Terms of service Privacy policy Social Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Stay updated. Join our mailinglist. components.HeroContact.placeholder Also send me updates about GET Protocol Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn © 2020 GUTS Tickets Powered by GET Protocol",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- guts"
}