{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.lcx.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.lcx.com/careers/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/liechtenstein-cryptoassets-exchange-frontend-developer-react/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptoassets",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "LCX \u2013 Liechtenstein Cryptoassets Exchange & Blockchain Ecosystems",
    "Hash": "0C1C41F10AC61E43B0F158FA325AEC5E",
    "Url": "https://www.lcx.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lcx",
    "Language": "Estonian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "*protected email* About Products Terminal Smart Order STO Launchpad Price Services Bitcoin \u2013 USD Bitcoin \u2013 EUR Ethereum \u2013 USD Ethereum \u2013 EUR Documents Insights About Products Terminal Smart Order STO Launchpad Price Services Bitcoin \u2013 USD Bitcoin \u2013 EUR Ethereum \u2013 USD Ethereum \u2013 EUR Documents Insights Sign In Tokenize Everything Innovating Capital Markets. Solutions for compliant digital assets and security tokens. Combination of a tokenization platform and a legal infrastructure. LCX - Utility Token Open Your Free Account Advanced Crypto Trading Platform A Multi-Exchange Crypto Trading Platform to trade on all major crypto exchanges within a single interface.  One Platform. For All Your Trades. Advanced Crypto Trading Desk: Trade on all major crypto exchanges within a single interface. Connected Exchanges Trading across multiple exchanges: Binance, Kraken, Bitfinex, Bittrex and more. Smart Order Routing Portfolio management system, analytics platform and detailed reporting. Trade Now \u201cBy 2027, more than $8 trillion will be stored on blockchain networks.\u201d World Economic Forum LCX is building the infrastructure for this new financial world \u2013 powering professional crypto finance. LCX Terminal. Sophisticated portfolio management and trading desk. Register Now. LCX Exchange Aiming to launch an exchange for security tokens and other crypto assets.  LCX Assets Compliant digital securities, tokenization and STO launchpad.  Mr. Adrian Hasler, Prime Minister of Liechtenstein (right), in conversation with Mr. Monty C. M. Metzger, CEO & Founder of LCX AG (left). LCX is headquartered in the Principality of Liechtenstein Liechtenstein\u2019s Blockchain Laws Banking & Finance One of the world\u2019s best places for finance, from its triple-AAA rating to its banking expertise Market Access Direct market access to the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland Tokenization Legal Clarity for Security Token Offerings (STO) and Tokenization of Assets Exchange License Possible Registration and Licensing for the Token Economy \u2013 Trading and Transferring of Digital Assets Security Framework Regulating custody and storage, issuance and management of crypto assets Holistic Approach The Liechtenstein Blockchain Laws go much further than the blockchain legislation of other countries How LCX\u2019s infrastructure will be the basis for the future of digital assets? LCX is building a blockchain ecosystem \u2013 enabling institutional, merchant and consumer access digital assets in a secure, trusted ecosystem. LCX aims to build the new infrastructure for digital finance, focusing on all aspects of compliance and regulation. Investing to build AML and KYC technology solutions at the institutional and consumer level, including on-chain analytics and surveillance for all crypto deposits and withdrawals. LCX is continuously engaging with policy makers, regulators and financial institutions and will routinely participate in financial and security audits, as well as regulatory compliance reviews. Data collection Total damage has been caused by the civilians arounf the new apple  store at Wall street. Guaranteed ROI Total damage has been caused by the civilians arounf the new apple  store at Wall street. Always Online Total damage has been caused by the civilians arounf the new apple  store at Wall street. Crypto Trading LCX has launched a trading software to manage cryptoassets across multiple bitcoin exchanges, called LCX Terminal. Security Tokens LCX is planning to launch a end-to-end security token platform to issue, manage and trade digital assets. LCX\u2019s STO platform will be launched after obtaining regulatory approvals. Blockchain Intelligence LCX will be combining artificial intelligence, blockchain technology, cloud and big data technology to set new standards for the industry. News & Announcements Insights, latest news and announcements from accross LCX July 9, 2020 Partnering with Vectorspace AI to Leverage Artificial Intelligence for Crypto Trading July 6, 2020 The Importance Of Legal Identifier For The Blockchain Industry July 2, 2020 Mastering The Art of Execution: Monty\u2019s Company Update July 1, 2020 LCX Token Burn Q2 2020 June 30, 2020 Announcing Partnership with LunarCRUSH to Provide Advanced Crypto Market Insights June 26, 2020 LCX Announces Partnership With ZenGo Wallet In the Media Interviews, articles and background stories about LCX \u201cIn the next 10 years cryptocurrencies will reach more than a billion people. (\u2026) A unique chance for Liechtenstein and Europe to stand out.\u201d  Read full article. LCX: The Ideal Blend of Legal Infrastructure and a Tokenization Platform Read full article. ICON Foundation and LCX Partner on STO Framework Read full article. How Tokenization Is Transforming Film Financing, Wesley Snipes\u2019 Fund Read full article. Liechtenstein is Making itself a Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Hub Read full article. \u201cFacebook\u2019s Libra initiative is a milestone for the blockchain industry. (\u2026) LCX works with the World Economic Forum to co-design the ecosystem for cryptocurrencies in a regulated environment.\u201d  Read full article (german). \u201cDie Vertreter von LCX halten Liechtenstein gegenwärtig für den attraktivsten Standort für Blockchain-Unternehmen\u2026\u201d  Read full article (german). \u201cLCX Now Licensed to Provide Crypto Trading Services in Liechtenstein.\u201d  Read full article. Cointelegraph: Wesley Snipes Is Launching a Tokenized $25 Million Movie Fund. Cointelegraph: Liechtenstein Cryptoassets Exchange Granted Business License by Regulator. Crypto News Review: Why institutional money is still staying out of crypto. LCX \u2013 Liechtenstein Cryptoassets Exchange A global growth company in the blockchain industry This is LCX The Liechtenstein Cryptoassets Exchange - A Blockchain Ecosystem For The New Financial World. Contact *protected email* LCX AG Herrengasse 6 9490 Vaduz Liechtenstein Content Home About Partners Smart Order LCX Terminal Referrals Cryptocurrency Reference Price Insights Careers Resources LCX Token Documents Brand and Trademarks FAQ & Support Legal ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lcx"
}