{
    "Body": "Digital Designer - Remote San Francisco Bay Area / Design / Full-time Apply for this job About us: At Tendermint Inc., we build, maintain, and promote critical state-of-the-art infrastructure for decentralized applications, such as Tendermint Core & Cosmos SDK. We are the team who designed and implemented the gold standard of proof of stake protocols and got it launched on a public blockchain network, Cosmos. We\u2019re passionate, self-driven, industry leaders whose vision is to empower every human to contribute to solving the world\u2019s most urgent and complex problems. We believe that the technology we're building will have a major impact on how humans connect and coordinate on a global scale. Join our growing team and plug into the most powerful blockchain ecosystem. How we work: We have team members working from across North America, Europe, and Asia. We leverage agile methodologies to move quickly and stay focused. Communication is important to us and we rely heavily on Slack, Zoom, and GitHub to help us stay in sync. All the technology we build is open source. This is a full-time remote position and you\u2019re free to work from anywhere. Be advised that most team meetings occur between 8am and 12pm Pacific Time (UTC-8/-7).???????????? If you're applying from a location where these hours are outside your usual working hours, you\u2019ll be expected to adapt to our meeting times. About the position: Tendermint\u2019s Design team is seeking a talented, multi-disciplined digital designer with experience producing high-quality design assets for a variety of use cases. You will be collaborating closely with our Ecosystem Development team to define requirements, iterate on design solutions, and deliver engaging content and visuals for different mediums (digital and physical). We\u2019re looking for a motivated and versatile creative who understands user-centered design and has an eye for pixel-perfect visual design. Your work will be hugely impactful, as your designs will be visible to a rapidly growing, international audience of Cosmos users. What you will be doing: Gather and evaluate requirements in collaboration with project leads, front-end engineers, and key stakeholders. Illustrate visual ideas using sketches, storyboards, wireframes, diagrams, mockups and prototypes. Create original graphic designs - e.g. branded imagery, product diagrams, visualizations, animations - for websites and marketing materials. Design and build robust templates for presentations, email communications in CRM platforms, and various other marketing materials. Adhere to and contribute to brand guidelines on typography, iconography, colors, imagery and graphic style. Prepare and present rough drafts regularly to internal teams and key stakeholders for feedback. Participate in design discussions and give feedback during planning and strategy meetings. Research industry trends to present ideas and concepts for continual design iteration. We're looking for someone who has: A strong portfolio demonstrating 5+ years of experience with a breadth of digital design capabilities. High level of proficiency and creative flair in visual communication, visual design principles, typography, iconography etc. Experience in the design thinking process and lean startup methodologies. Experience working in a collaborative team environment. Experience creating digital assets for a variety of target audiences. Strong knowledge of current digital design best practices and web production techniques and limitations. Working knowledge of CSS and HTML ideal, but not essential. Experience working directly with developers to implement designs. Ability to create animated visuals primarily for the web. Experience with interaction design and motion design would be ideal. Proficiency with modern design tools like Figma (our tool of choice) and ability to learn and adapt to new ones. Photo and video editing expertise. Good understanding of component-based design systems and maintaining style guides. Clear and concise written and oral English communication skills. Interest in emerging interactive technology in web, mobile, and other devices. What we offer: The opportunity to be part of building the future of the Internet Flexible work schedule Excellent benefits like educational budget, fitness and wellbeing spend At least 4 weeks of paid vacation Competitive salary package, including equity Applying: To apply, please go through our online application process and include a cover letter with a link to your portfolio. Tendermint in the news: https://techcrunch.com/2019/03/17/welcome-to-the-hub-of-all-hubs/ https://cointelegraph.com/news/cross-platform-blockchain-project-cosmos-launches-first-hub-after-17-million-ico https://www.coindesk.com/a-blockchain-to-connect-all-blockchains-cosmos-is-now-officially-live https://www.coindesk.com/how-to-turn-a-17-million-ico-into-104-million-the-cosmos-story Apply for this job Jobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "At", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "0D433B0D5C7E21F595E02044A9842E9F", 
    "KeyTerms": "github, css, digital asset, decentralized, cosmos, proof of stake, remote, full time, collaboration, startup, dapps, wireframes, html, sdk, agile, tendermint, protocols", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/tendermint", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/tendermint/254cfb06-dc65-4f4a-9571-f10efe51fcb8/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/tendermint-digital-designer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of stake", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Tendermint - Digital Designer - Remote", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/tendermint/254cfb06-dc65-4f4a-9571-f10efe51fcb8?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
