{
    "Body": "SoFi is committed to fighting racism, standing in solidarity with all of our communities, providing space for open dialogue, as well as taking action as informed allies. We are donating $1 million to organizations that empower people of color and their allies. Log In Contact Us Products Borrow Student Loan Refinancing Medical Resident Refinancing Parent PLUS Refinancing Private Student Loans Undergraduate Student Loans Graduate Student Loans Law & MBA Loans Parent Student Loans Personal Loans Home Improvement Loan Credit Card Consolidation Home Loans Mortgage Mortgage Refinancing Home Equity Invest SoFi Invest???????????? Active Investing Automated Investing Retirement Accounts Crypto Stock Bits ETFs Investing 101 Spend SoFi Money???????????? SoFi Relay Protect SoFi Protect Renters Insurance Homeowners Insurance Auto Insurance Life Insurance For Business SoFi at Work Small Business Financing Member Benefits Member Benefits As a SoFi member, you get access to exclusive benefits designed to help set you up for success with your money, community, and career. See All Benefits Career Coaching Get access to experienced career coaches\u2014complimentary for all SoFi members. Referral Program Refer your friends & family to SoFi and get paid. Edmit Plus Get no-cost access to Edmit Plus\u2014a tool that helps you compare the true cost of colleges. Member Advisory Board Meet our panel of SoFi Members who provide invaluable feedback across all our products and services. SoFi Stadium Get VIP access to member lounges, exclusive experiences, and more in LA\u2019s newest arena\u2014coming in 2020. Member Experiences Exclusive member events to build your future, community, and career. Financial Planning Get personalized advice from a credentialed financial planner\u2013at no cost. Estate Planning Get access to estate planning services and draft your will for free. See All Benefits Resources Resources Get answers to your questions; plus tools, guides, calculators, & more. Visit SoFi Learn Visit SoFi Learn Visit Our Blog FAQs Eligibility Criteria Top Resources Student Loans Help Center Home Loan Help Center Fixed vs. Variable Rates Medical School Refinance Guide Smart Investing 101 Guide Consolidate vs. Refi See All Resources Top Tools Student Loan Refinance Calculator Mortgage Calculator Student Loan Payment Calculator Personal Loan Calculator Student Loan Payoff Calculator See All Tools Learn More Visit Our Blog FAQs Eligibility Criteria About About Us Learn more about our mission and values, how we started, and what we\u2019ve accomplished since then. Learn More About Us Our Leadership Meet the SoFi leadership team and board members. How it Works Read about how SoFi works\u2014and how we can help you reach your financial goals. Our Values Learn more about SoFi\u2019s core values. Press Read through the latest SoFi news coverage. Careers Come work with us! Contact Us Questions? Comments? Just want to talk? Get in touch with us via phone or email. Log In Find My Rate Close modal SoFi helps you Get Your Money Right.???????????? Select a product to get started: SoFi Money???????????? SoFi Invest???????????? Student Loan Refinancing Private Student Loans Personal Loans Home Loans SoFi Relay Or just create an account. X Received a mailer from us? If you got a letter stating that you\u2019re pre-selected for a SoFi loan, you\u2019re in the right place. Get started by entering your confirmation number below. Confirmation # Confirmation # invalid Zip Code Find My Rate Cancel You are now leaving the SoFi website and entering a third-party website. SoFi has no control over the content, products or services offered nor the security or privacy of information transmitted to others via their website. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of the site you are entering. SoFi does not guarantee or endorse the products, information or recommendations provided in any third party website. Okay Close QUESTIONS? Customer Support: (855) 456-7634 Mon-Thu 5:00 AM - 7:00 PM PT Fri-Sun 5:00 AM - 5:00 PM PT Home Loans General Support: (844) 763-4466 [email????????????protected] Mon-Fri 6:00 AM \u2013 6:00 PM PT Closed Saturday & Sunday Invest Support: [email????????????protected] Mon-Thu 8:00 AM \u2013 8:00 PM EST Fri 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST Closed Saturday & Sunday PRODUCTS Student Loan Refinancing Medical/Dental Resident Refinancing Parent PLUS Refinancing Private Student Loans Undergraduate Student Loans Graduate Student Loans Law & MBA Loans Parent Student Loans Personal Loans Home Loans Mortgage Mortgage Refinance SoFi Invest???????????? Crypto Stock Bits Active Investing Automated Investing ETFs SoFi Protect Renters Insurance Homeowners Insurance Auto Insurance Life Insurance SoFi Money???????????? SoFi Relay SoFi at Work Small Business Financing COMPANY About Us Our Leadership How it Works Our Values Press Careers Contact Us Blog FAQs LEGAL Privacy & Security Terms of Use Disclaimers Licenses NMLS Access Eligibility Criteria Accessibility Business Continuity QUESTIONS FAQs Contact Us Tweet @SoFiSupport Customer Support: (855) 456-7634 Mon-Thu 5:00 AM - 7:00 PM PT Fri-Sun 5:00 AM - 5:00 PM PT Home Loans General Support: (844) 763-4466 Mon-Fri 6:00 AM \u2013 6:00 PM PT Closed Saturday & Sunday [email????????????protected] Invest Support: [email????????????protected] Mon-Thu 8:00 AM \u2013 8:00 PM EST Fri 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST Closed Saturday & Sunday HEAR ABOUT SOFI TIPS, EXPERIENCES & MORE 2750 East Cottonwood Parkway #300 Cottonwood Heights, Utah 84121 Important: Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies aren\u2019t endorsed or guaranteed by any government, are volatile and involve a high degree of risk. Investment Products: ARE NOT FDIC INSURED \u2022 ARE NOT BANK GUARANTEED \u2022 MAY LOSE VALUE Rule 606 Order Routing Statement of Financial Condition SoFi Money is a cash management account not a bank account, and is offered by a broker dealer. SoFi Money is a brokerage account. Neither SoFi nor its affiliates is a bank. This is not an offer, or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any security, investment or other product. Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. Past performance, historical returns, future projections, and statistical forecasts are no guarantee of future returns or future performance. SoFi Money is offered through SoFi Securities LLC. 1The SoFi Money???????????? Annual Percentage Yield as of 7/1/2020 is 0.25% APY (0.25% interest rate). Interest rates are variable subject to change at our discretion, at any time. No minimum balance required. The SoFi Money World Mastercard???????????? debit card is issued by Bancorp. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard Association and is used by Bancorp pursuant to a license from Mastercard. Advisory services are offered through SoFi Wealth, LLC a registered Investment adviser. Information about SoFi Wealth\u2019s advisory operations, services, and fees is set forth in SoFi Wealth\u2019s current Form ADV Part 2 (Brochure), a copy of which is available upon request and at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/. The umbrella term \u201cSoFi Invest\u201d refers to the two investment and trading platforms operated by Social Finance, Inc. and its affiliates (described below). Individual customer accounts may be subject to the terms applicable to one or more of the platforms below. 1) Automated Investing\u2014The Automated Investing platform is owned by SoFi Wealth LLC, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor (\u201cSofi Wealth\u201c). Brokerage services are provided to SoFi Wealth LLC by SoFi Securities LLC, an affiliated SEC registered broker dealer and member FINRA/SIPC, (\u201cSofi Securities). 2) Active Investing\u2014The Active Investing platform is owned by SoFi Securities LLC. Clearing and custody of all securities are provided by APEX Clearing Corporation. Neither the Investment Advisor Representatives of SoFi Wealth, nor the Registered Representatives of SoFi Securities are compensated for the sale of any product or service sold through any SoFi Invest platform. Information related to lending products contained herein should not be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or a pre-qualification of any loan product offered by SoFi Lending Corp and/or its affiliates. \u201cSoFi Invest\u201d is the brand name for brokerage products and services offered through SoFi Securities LLC (SFS) Member FINRA/SIPC including SoFi Money????????????, advisory services offered through SoFi Wealth LLC (SFW) an SEC Registered Investment Adviser, and cryptocurrency services offered through SoFi Digital Assets, LLC (SDA). SFS, SFW, and SDA are affiliated companies under the common control of Social Finance, Inc. (SoFi). Neither SoFi nor its subsidiaries are a bank. SoFi Relay is offered through SoFi Wealth LLC, an SEC-registered investment advisor. For more information, please see our Form ADV Part 2A, a copy of which is available upon request and at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/. For additional information on SoFi Wealth LLC, SoFi Relay, and products and services of affiliates, see SoFi.com/legal. ?????????????????? To check the rates and terms you qualify for, SoFi conducts a soft credit pull that will not affect your credit score. However, if you choose a product and continue your application, we will request your full credit report from one or more consumer reporting agencies, which is considered a hard credit pull and may affect your credit. Terms and Conditions Apply. SOFI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. To qualify for lending products, a borrower must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident in an eligible state and meet SoFi\u2019s underwriting requirements. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. To qualify for the lowest rate, you must have a responsible financial history and meet other conditions. If approved, your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed above and will depend on a variety of factors, including term of loan, a responsible financial history, years of experience, income and other factors. Rates and Terms are subject to change at anytime without notice and are subject to state restrictions. SoFi refinance loans are private loans and do not have the same repayment options that the federal loan program offers such as Income Based Repayment or Income Contingent Repayment or PAYE. Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Financing Law License No. 6054612. SoFi loans are originated by SoFi Lending Corp., NMLS # 1121636. (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) SoFi receives compensation in the event you obtain a loan through the Lantern marketplace. This Lantern site is operated by SoFi Lending Corp to help you with your loan search. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. * Traditional Advisor Fee is sourced from the Financial Advisor Fees 2017 Report prepared by Advisory HQ. The stated fee is the \u201cAverage Advisor Fee (%)\u201d and is correlated to an assumed asset amount of $50,000, which is above our average account size. Please see the report for additional detail. 2Some of the testimonials shown may be from SoFi Ambassadors who earn rewards for participating in the Ambassador Program (\u201cInner Circle\u201d). Additional terms and conditions apply: see SoFi.com/eligibility for details. 234 1st Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ????????????2020 Social Finance, Inc. All rights reserved. TLS 1.2 Encrypted Equal Housing Lender", 
    "CompanyName": "SoFi", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "sofi", 
    "Hash": "134502830731261A6A3FA66164E99472", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, cryptocurrency, digital asset, marketplace, loans, financial, privacy, cryptocurrencies, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Cottonwood Heights, Utah, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.sofi.com/career-coaching/", 
        "https://www.sofi.com/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/sofi-senior-engineer-android/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "456-7634", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- sofi", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Great Rates. Great Benefits. SoFi.", 
    "Url": "https://www.sofi.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
