{
    "Body": "Security Lead Remote / Enablement \u2013 Security / Full-time Apply for this job We seek an outstanding Security Lead to captain Protocol Labs\u2019 security team and lay the foundations for a more resilient, secure, and decentralized version of the web. Security at Protocol Labs Security at Protocol Labs is not just about cryptography; it\u2019s about responsibly shaping complex systems, and securing the way we work and interact with our community. We believe in an open-source approach to creation. With this comes a myriad of ways in which Protocol Labs interacts with the outside world, from running gateways to releasing products and publishing Open Source code. The security team at Protocol Labs shapes and executes our wider strategy for securing the way we work as a distributed team and how we proactively address future threats to the systems we build. All of this in an environment filled with curiosity, passion, and a love for open source. As a Security Lead at Protocol Labs you will\u2026 Review and shape our company OpSec practices, writing and enforcing security standards for our internal systems and data Work with the infrastructure team on the security standards for both developer-facing and internal tooling Manage relationships with external stakeholders, including red teams, penetration testers and auditors Develop and coordinate Protocol Labs\u2019 bug bounty programs and other ways to engage the community in developing secure systems Champion different security perspectives within our product teams Help shape our security organization, as it grows with Protocol Labs You may be a fit for this role if you have... Led a security team whose members have varied expertise Infosec experience, developing and enforcing org policies around permissioning, incident response, data avoidance/retention policies, etc. Deep experience with distributed networks and network security, working with infrastructure teams to assess their needs Expertise hiring and interacting with auditors, pentesters, and experts outside your organization Deep experience collaborating closely with software engineers, from design to development to production support and developer education Familiarity and experience working with the Open Source community and bug bounties Excellent written and verbal communication skills Bonus points if... You have shared your work (code, presentations, papers, blog, etc) with the world at large You relish coordinating workflows across different teams inside an org You can run a pre-image attack on SHA-2 with an abacus What\u2019s it like to work at Protocol Labs? Protocol Labs mission is to improve humanity\u2019s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more. As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds. We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family. Apply for this job Protocol Labs Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "Protocol", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "13F2407C54581C575656A390B81AA7DE", 
    "KeyTerms": "network security, ipfs, cryptography, software engineer, decentralized, remote, protocols, full time", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol/d8ebb733-b248-47d0-a59b-edef5d490301/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/protocol-labs-security-lead/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Protocol Labs - Security Lead", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol/d8ebb733-b248-47d0-a59b-edef5d490301?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
