{
    "Body": "Home Company Roadmap Medium Twitter LinkedIn Overview Mission Benefits Partners Technology Press Back to Top Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Spring Labs: The Un-Bureau A Transformative and Decentralized Infrastructure for Secure Data Exchange Your browser does not support the video tag. Our protocol enables competitively-sensitive parties to exchange information directly, and in a fundamentally new way. We\u2019re reinventing the model for data ownership and changing how information is exchanged in financial services and beyond. For Financial Services With spring labs Traditional way A Safer Financial Services Ecosystem Through Decentralization The Spring Protocol\u2019s use of advanced cryptography and blockchain technology limits the need for data replication in the exchange of information among financial institutions. Using attestations greatly reduces the risk and severity of data breaches for financial institutions and consumers With spring labs Traditional way Innovative Fraud, Credit, and Identity Products Built on the Spring Protocol The first products being developed on the Spring Protocol enable financial institutions to more efficiently and securely onboard customers by exchanging identity verification and fraud information in a fundamentally new way A More Inclusive, Efficient, and Secure Global Financial Ecosystem The Spring Protocol has the potential to unlock global access to credit for the tens of millions of Americans and billions of people globally without representation in today\u2019s credit ecosystem. The Spring Protocol is focused on increasing access to financial services for \u201cthin file\u201d or \u201ccredit invisible\u201d consumers by creating incentives for new institutions to provide data that previously didn\u2019t contribute to credit reporting ecosystems such as telecom providers, utility companies, insurance companies, subscription services, and others. Benefits What gets improved Improved Data Ownership for Financial Institutions Data is the most valuable asset that a financial institution owns. However, to participate in the credit data ecosystem, financial institutions must give up control of their underlying consumer data. This happens because financial institutions only have access to their own data and need a third party to aggregate, create and distribute credit scores across the industry. The Spring Protocol's secure and anonymous data exchange removes the need for a centralized aggregator from the ecosystem New Economics for Financial Institutions to Exchange Data In today's financial services ecosystem, financial institutions are not able to recoup any costs associated with the operating complexities of accurate reporting.???????????? The Spring Protocol changes this paradigm by compensating the financial institutions for contributing information, effectively lowering the cost of on-boarding new customers. Economic incentives are designed to bring new types of data (e.g. asset managers, insurance, telecoms, streaming services, utility data, etc.) into the ecosystem, painting a more holistic picture of consumers. Access to Granular Data Data aggregators are incentivized to share the least amount of data for the highest price, providing only composite metrics and scores rather than source data. The secure, anonymizing Spring Protocol enables financial institutions to better leverage the information behind the scores through deeper access to more granular data with a chain of provenance. Our Partnerships Spring Labs Wins Deal to Follow Energy Loans Using Blockchain Ygrene Energy Fund California LLC and three other lenders under the Property Assessed Clean Energy program, or PACE, are participating [\u2026]. The Spring Labs system, set to begin in the first quarter of 2020, will allow lenders to share lien information without revealing other secrets, Ygrene Chief Operating Officer Stephen Tich said. Read more GM Financial Collaboration with Spring Labs Demonstrates Commitment to Improving Industry Data Standards and Preventing Fraud General Motors today announced its collaboration with Spring Labs as part of its Spring Founding Industry Partners (\u201cSFIP\u201d) Program, which will drive improved data management standards to help address critical auto finance industry issues Read more Sixteen Leading Global Fintechs join Spring Labs' Founding Industry Program Leading small business and consumer fintech lenders partner with Spring Labs to leverage blockchain to enhance ID verification capabilities and prevent fraud Read more Technology Built with the Enterprise in mind Decentralized, P2P Network The Spring Protocol is a blockchain-based, decentralized P2P protocol designed to enforce privacy and prevent deanonymization between peers. Traditional aggregators store data in centralized databases presenting high-value targets for attackers. The Spring Network uses cryptographic principles, proxy routing, and single-use credentials to facilitate a more secure, anonymous exchange of information between participants Proven, Modular Cryptographic Design The Spring Protocol relies on established implementations of well-understood cryptographic primitives. No cryptography beyond hash commitments, digital signatures, symmetric encryption, and threshold encryption is required to implement the Spring Protocol. It is designed with modularity to ensure any component can be replaced in response to improvements in cryptographic research. All credentials can be pro-or-retroactively rotated, and compromise prevention, detection, and recovery strategies are built into every network node to minimize risk. Enterprise-Grade Scale Built with the enterprise in mind, the Spring Protocol is designed to efficiently process large, exponentially-expanding datasets with the strong security and privacy standards that are foundational to the network. In addition to avoiding the storage of sensitive data through tokenization while capturing metadata and non-sensitive elements, the Spring Network is designed to process large numbers of data points from participants. Latest happenings March 13, 2020 LendIt FinTech Podcast with Adam Jiwan View Article October 1, 2019 Spring Labs Wins Deal to Follow Energy Loans Using Blockchain View Article June 6, 2019 Spring Labs Closes $23 Million Series A Investment Round to Transform How Financial Institutions Share Information View Article March 26, 2019 Spring Labs CEO to Speak at FinTech Ideas Festival, Joining CEOs from Bank of America, Mastercard & PayPal View Article Feb 11, 2019 GM Financial Collaboration with Spring Labs Demonstrates Commitment to Improving Industry Data Standards and Preventing Fraud View Article January 17, 2019 Sixteen Leading Global Fintechs join Spring Labs' Founding Industry Program View Article October 12, 2018 Gary Cohn, Former Director of the U.S. National Economic Council Joins Spring Labs View Article April 09, 2018 Spring Labs Announces World Class Industry Advisory Board to Help Build Decentralized Credit and Identity Validation Network View Article March 27, 2018 Spring Labs Raises $14.75 Million to Create a Blockchain-Based Solution to Address Centralized Credit Data Crisis View Article Featured in Our Co-Founders A rapidly growing team of proven entrepreneurs within the financial services space. Adam Jiwan CEO, Chairman, Founder Adam is an established fintech entrepreneur, with more than 15 years of experience founding, investing and growing companies in the space. Before Spring Labs, Adam was a seed investor and founding board member of Avant. He was also the Co-Founder and Chairman of Future Finance, a student loan platform that\u2019s raised more than $325M. Adam also acted as the CEO of UK/Asia for TPG-Axon, and held roles at Goldman Sachs, Soros Fund Management, and the Blackstone Group. Adam is a graduate of Harvard University. Anna Fridman Founder Anna is a seasoned attorney with deep experience in regulatory financial issues. Prior to Spring Labs, Anna served as the General Counsel at Avant, managing a team of 40+ attorneys and compliance professionals. Anna also served as in-house counsel at Enova and holds a JD from UCLA Law. John Sun President, Founder, CPO John is a technologist and entrepreneur with deep experience in credit and fintech. Prior to Spring Labs, John co-founded Avant, a fintech unicorn, where he served as the Chief Credit Officer and UK GM. John was also an Inc. 30 Under 30, and went through Y-Combinator Spring 2011 with DebtEye (acquired by Avant). John also formerly ran the Data and Analytics Team at Enova. view all team Backed by a world-class advisory board and top-tier investors discover all advisors & investors discover all advisors & investors ???????????? Springcoin 2019 All Rights Reserved. Company About Spring Labs?????????????????? Team Advisors & Investors???????????????????????????????????? Careers?????????????????? Community Twitter??????????????????LinkedIn Legal Terms of Use ", 
    "CompanyName": "GM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "springlabs", 
    "Hash": "14D89626F0AE268FD7C2F0CE75A86D3F", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptographic principles, encryption, financial, loans, peer to peer, fraud, collaboration, compliance, cryptography, privacy, decentralized, tokenization", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Spring, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/springlabs", 
        "https://www.springlabs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/spring-labs-senior-blockchain-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- springlabs", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Spring Labs", 
    "Url": "https://www.springlabs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
