{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.etoro.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.etoro.com/customer-service/how-to-open-etoro-account/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/etoro-customer-success-advocate/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "eToro - The World\u2019s Leading Social Trading and Investing Platform",
    "Hash": "15EFEF500D232531BED29E5AD6B6CD79",
    "Url": "https://www.etoro.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "etoro",
    "Language": "Norwegian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Welcome to eToro For the best experience, continue to the US website. Continue Not from US? Click here eToro USA LLC is regulated by FinCEN Login Trading Trade Markets on eToro Trading Platform CopyTrader Crypto on eToro CFD Trading Professional Account Fees Market Hours and Events Top Markets Cryptocurrencies Stocks Commodities Currencies All Markets Investing 0% Commission Stocks CopyPortfolios Popular Investor eToro Earnings Reports Calendar Education News and Analysis Podcast The Complete Guide to Fintech What is Social Trading? Daily Market Review Video Tutorials Trading School Company About Help Center Why Choose Us? Media Center Careers eToro Club English (UK) Help Download the App Login Sign Up 100% stocks, 0% commission Why pay fees when you don\u2019t have to? Invest in a large variety of stocks on eToro without paying any markups, ticketing or management fees. There are no limits on trading volume either. Invest in Stocks Zero-commission means that no broker fee will be charged when opening or closing the position and does not apply to short or leveraged positions. Other fees may apply. Your capital is at risk. For clients of eToro AUS Capital Pty Ltd. AFSL 491139, only stocks traded on US stock exchanges are available to trade with no commission. Other stocks are offered as derivatives and bear commission. Offered through ARSN 637 489 466 and promoted by eToro Australia Pty Ltd. CAR 001281634. For additional information, click here. Trade and invest in top stocks and ETFs. Trade currency pairs, Indices and Commodities via CFDs. Investing in the financial markets has never been easier. Start Trading TRADES OPENED ON ETORO Data from eToro .... Past performance is not an indication of future results. Your capital is at risk. Join the Social Trading revolution. Connect with other traders, discuss trading strategies, and use our patented CopyTrader™ technology to automatically copy their trading portfolio performance. Discover People 29.1% AVERAGE YEARLY PROFIT of our 50 most copied traders for 2019 Explore an ever-expanding variety of cryptocurrencies, and buy and sell the underlying asset on eToro\u2019s Cryptocurrency Trading Platform. Build your crypto-based portfolio and enjoy benefits not offered by most exchanges, such as near-immediate execution of market orders. Explore Cryptocurrencies Cryptocurrencies are a highly volatile investment product. No investor protection. Your capital is at risk. Meet our Popular Investors eToro\u2019s Popular Investor Program recognises talented, savvy, responsible traders who share their knowledge. Our top-tier Popular Investors earn up to 2% annually on their assets under management. Popular Investor Program Past performance is not an indication of future results. This is not investment advice. Your capital is at risk. Onegirl From United Kingdom Meet our Popular Investors eToro\u2019s Popular Investor Program recognises talented, savvy, responsible traders who share their knowledge. Our top-tier Popular Investors earn up to 2% annually on their assets under management. Popular Investor Program Past performance is not an indication of future results. This is not investment advice. Your capital is at risk. jaynemesis From United Kingdom Meet our Popular Investors eToro\u2019s Popular Investor Program recognises talented, savvy, responsible traders who share their knowledge. Our top-tier Popular Investors earn up to 2% annually on their assets under management. Popular Investor Program Past performance is not an indication of future results. This is not investment advice. Your capital is at risk. wesl3y From United Kingdom Meet our Popular Investors eToro\u2019s Popular Investor Program recognises talented, savvy, responsible traders who share their knowledge. Our top-tier Popular Investors earn up to 2% annually on their assets under management. Popular Investor Program Past performance is not an indication of future results. This is not investment advice. Your capital is at risk. goodgoing From United Kingdom We are only as good as our clients say we are. eToro is great. eToro is a fantastic trading platform, both from an ease of use and technical perspective. eToro is by far the best social trading platform It provides a huge variety of investments and a great community of traders... Easy and fun Great platform for starting traders. Great selection and transparent fee system! ... It's been a pleasure trading with eToro eToro has been making my trading experience enjoyable and secure... Best trading broker Great service. Fast feedback. Social forum give a lot of info. Very good, keep it up I am very satisfied with the services eToro platform provides. The global leader of social trading Discover why millions of users from over 140 countries choose to trade with eToro Trust Our company is fully regulated by the FCA and CySec Security Your funds are protected by industry-leading security protocols Privacy We will never share your private data without your permission We Accept In The Press See what the media has to say about eToro\u2019s trading and investing platform Those with less expertise might like to try a platform called eToro, which allows customers to copy \u201cstar traders\u201d directly, and can make traders of even the least informed of punters. The best returns occur when investors are plugged into diverse social groups that enable them to collide with information from multiple networks. In the social media world, as in real life, it pays to hover on the edge of cliques \u2013 but not get slavishly sucked into just one. Internet social networks that let users follow investments the way they track status updates on Facebook are attracting record interest, turning top performers into market stars for individual investors. A Recent research we carried out with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has shown that copy trading, where traders watch the trading activity of other people and make their decisions accordingly, performs significantly better than manual trading. Discover why over 10M users have joined eToro Sign up for FREE eToro is the world\u2019s leading social trading platform, which offers both investing in stocks and cryptocurrencies, as well as trading CFD with different underlying assets. Top instruments Bitcoin (BTC) Ripple (XRP) Amazon shares Apple Shares Gold (Commodity) NSDQ100 Index Support Help Center How to deposit How to withdraw How to Open an Account How to verify your account Customer Service Learn more How CopyTrading Works Responsible Trading Avoid Scam What is Leverage & Margin Buy and Sell Explained Market research Find Us On About Us About eToro Reviews Careers Our offices Privacy and Regulation eToro Cookie Policy ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- etoro"
}