{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://akunacapital.com/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/akuna-capital-blockchain-analyst/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Akuna Capital - Akuna Capital",
    "Hash": "1742BD505C15C7F1B8B63E60ADC3E41F",
    "Url": "https://akunacapital.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "akunacapital",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Careers Careers Akunacademy Hiring Process Campus Events Faqs Team Development Quantitative Trading IT Infrastructure Global Culture Benefits Akuna U Philanthropy Connect FAQs Institutional Trading Careers Careers Akunacademy Hiring Process Campus Events Faqs Team Development Quantitative Trading IT Infrastructure Global Culture Benefits Akuna U Philanthropy Connect FAQs Institutional Trading The New Wave in Tech and Trading WORK WITH US The New Wave in Tech and Trading WORK WITH US Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialize in providing liquidity as an options market-maker \u2013 meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. The Akuna Team spans across four major departments: Development Quantitative Trading IT Infrastructure \u201cFLOWING WATER\u201d The name Akuna derives from the Australian Aboriginal word meaning \u201cflowing water,\u201d a word that exists in no other language. The name Akuna derives from the Australian Aboriginal word meaning \u201cflowing water,\u201d a word that exists in no other language. Akuna Values We have built our firm and values around the \u201cAkuna\u201d definition \u2013 beyond providing liquidity to the markets we also strongly believe in the following: RAPID INNOVATION THROUGH NEW TECHNOLOGIES COLLABORATIVE FLOW OF KNOWLEDGE A THIRST FOR INDIVIDUAL GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY Our Story Our Founding Partners, Andrew Killion and Mitchell Skinner, first conceptualized Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened the firm\u2019s first office in 2011 in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world \u2013 Chicago. Today, Akuna is proud to operate from additional offices in Sydney, Shanghai, and Boston. Akuna Capital is a proprietary trading firm specializing in derivatives market-making and sophisticated modeling with a commitment to cutting-edge technology. We are the leading options market-maker to successfully enter the industry in recent years with sustainable growth. By providing more liquidity to the markets through rapid innovation, we have the advantage of youth in remaining nimble and agile in an ever-changing competitive landscape. Akuna has no clients or external investors, we trade only with the company\u2019s capital. We have dozens of employee-shareholders and this number continues to grow. We are really proud of what we have accomplished since inception, but even more excited for all that lies ahead of us. We are still building, accessing new markets, trading new products, and creating new strategies, giving you the opportunity to be involved in shaping the future of Akuna. Indeed, the great majority of Akuna\u2019s growth profile is ahead of us. Work With us Meet The Team Life at akuna Work With us Meet The Team Life at akuna The New Wave in Tech and Trading Akuna Capital Headquarters 333 South Wabash Avenue 26th Floor Chicago, IL 60604 All Rights Reserved © 2011- Akuna Technologies LLC",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- akunacapital"
}