{
    "Body": "Quora Sign In Blockchain (database) Bitcoin Cryptocurrencies How is the career in blockchain in India? UpdateCancel aEtnidW hNbSsFysygoBm kSqAqZGuuQQvnamKrWeXsVheDJpoqaFZKcuCLsCectirS Need a stunning site to open your business online? Start with any website template and customize it to fit your needs. Try Squarespace today. Learn More You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo 14 Answers Ramesh Babu, Digital Marketing Analyst at Exadata Consulting Pvt Ltd (2018-present) Answered Oct 9, 2018 There should be a basic prerequisite for career in Blockchain. which needs knowledge of programming languages . Most Blockchain career is created in languages like java , c++ , javascript , c# , python & so on . . Blockchain is the hottest career in india. By 2020 Blockchain technology will emerged as a one of the hottest job. Developers are keen to understand how one can begin to develop a skill set which will make a candidate employable in the blockchain industry. A key advice given to blockchain enthusiasts is to read white papers on cryptocurrencies and contribute to open source projects.... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 There should be a basic prerequisite for career in Blockchain. which needs knowledge of programming languages . Most Blockchain career is created in languages like java , c++ , javascript , c# , python & so on . . Blockchain is the hottest career in india. By 2020 Blockchain technology will emerged as a one of the hottest job. Developers are keen to understand how one can begin to develop a skill set which will make a candidate employable in the blockchain industry. A key advice given to blockchain enthusiasts is to read white papers on cryptocurrencies and contribute to open source projects. Newbies keen on exploring this field are advised to read technical white papers, especially on Bitcoin and Ethereum to understand the basics. Conversely, some roles, for example, blockchain generalist, do not require a technical background. To know more Click Here 1.6k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 2 Upvoters Related QuestionsMore Answers Below Does blockchain as a technology have a good scope in India? Is it worth it to do a blockchain? Where do I learn about Blockchain? Is it worth investing time in learning blockchain? Is the future of blockchain bright? What are the possible applications of blockchain in India? Anonymous Answered Aug 19, 2019 Block chain is the future of internet, there are many companies and there will be more career scope for block chain developers in India, as block chain will be used in all finance and banking sectors hence I can guarantee that there will be huge job opening for block chain in India. 540 views sipyIVAXoATnUscartoqkroayeaSndG lCIbcGSyJq JqEGsezocODIKGQaaMridjdQWyf Show up when they search. People are still looking for your business online. Be there with a free GoDaddy Websites+Marketing site. Start Now You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo Mayank Sahu, B.Tech. from Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (2017) Answered Dec 17, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 360 answers and 57.9k answer views Originally Answered: What is the career in blockchain technology in India? After revolutionizing the world, Blockchain has finally made its way to India and gained a strong foothold over the last few years. The introduction of this dynamic technology will benefit industries like finance, fisheries and waste management where traditional methods have failed to add value. Even the Government of India is encouraging the use of Blockchain in the digital economy. No wonder the demand for Blockchain talent is booming in the country, having increased 400 percent in the last year. In fact, supply falls short of the current demand, making Blockchain one of the hottest skills... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Originally Answered: What is the career in blockchain technology in India? After revolutionizing the world, Blockchain has finally made its way to India and gained a strong foothold over the last few years. The introduction of this dynamic technology will benefit industries like finance, fisheries and waste management where traditional methods have failed to add value. Even the Government of India is encouraging the use of Blockchain in the digital economy. No wonder the demand for Blockchain talent is booming in the country, having increased 400 percent in the last year. In fact, supply falls short of the current demand, making Blockchain one of the hottest skillsets right now. As economic development occurs in India, many sectors are hiring trained specialists who can protect transactions and records, thereby prompting the rise of specially designed courses from MOOC platforms and online education platforms like upGrad (industry focussed), Coursera (good for free basic theory content), and Edureka. Blockchain is among the most secure frameworks for virtual transactions at the moment. From safe financial transactions to civic elections, Blockchain may be used in different scenarios where security is paramount. Thus, both private and public sectors, including HR, banking, logistics, real estate, land records are seeking candidates skilled in Blockchain technology. Businesses need Blockchain developers who can write smart contracts, architects who can design solutions for migrating to Blockchain, domain experts and testers in domains like infrastructure and banking who are exposed to Blockchan, and consultants capable of handling multiple roles in this space. If that\u2019s not all, owing to the shortage of talent, Blockchain developers will possibly earn double or even triple the salary offered by companies in other streams. In India, specifically, Blockchain will help maintain records for NGO funds, government funds, marriage gift, health sector, sports, education, and identity based projects in the future. 171 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 1 Upvoter Vijay, Graduate from VTU Answered Jun 21, 2019 Research states that the use of blockchain technology has doubled in the past year. Here is a list of 50 real-life examples of blockchain use cases that are being currently adopted by different industries. More and more organizations and businesses are understanding not only the implications of implementing blockchain, but they are also encouraging their employees to specialize in this field to enhance their career as well. The World Economic Forum predicts that Blockchain could enable 1 Trillion Dollars in Trade by 2025, primarily driven by small and medium businesses in Asia and other emer... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Research states that the use of blockchain technology has doubled in the past year. Here is a list of 50 real-life examples of blockchain use cases that are being currently adopted by different industries. More and more organizations and businesses are understanding not only the implications of implementing blockchain, but they are also encouraging their employees to specialize in this field to enhance their career as well. The World Economic Forum predicts that Blockchain could enable 1 Trillion Dollars in Trade by 2025, primarily driven by small and medium businesses in Asia and other emerging markets. The distributed ledger technology (blockchain) is expected to solve important problems exporters face in getting the trade finance approved. All of the above data suggests that blockchain is going to be a disruptive technology that will change the way a business operates today and bring in a lot more transparency to the customers. It could be as simple as where the vegetables are sourced from and how fresh they are, or it could be to validate that the diamond you buy is not from a conflict region. Customers would love to have this information and hence would prefer buying from companies that provide this level of transparency in every industry. This customer demand will be the primary driver for the blockchain initiatives across the globe. All of this translates into a need for people who are good at Blockchain technologies. LinkedIn reports that on its platform Blockchain developer jobs have increased 33x during 2018. The primary skills recruiters were looking for included Solidity, Blockchain, Ethereum, Node.js and Cryptocurrency. What is blockchain? Blockchain was originally created back in 1991 to timestamp digital documents. The idea was to ensure that documents are not backdated and essentially tampered with about the date of creation. However, this was not widely used until 2009 when the concept was picked up to be used by Bitcoin creator to maintain the sanctity of the transactions. You can think of the blockchain, as a chain of data blocks. If you have read Data Structures, you can compare this to a linked list. In essence, each of the data blocks consists of 3 key elements. Data - This the information that is stored in the block. This will ideally be transaction data. For example, if it is a certificate blockchain, it would have the name of the issuer, the name of the recipient and the details of the certificate issued. Hash - This is a unique key generated for the block and serves as its identity. It also gives the block the ability to be tamper-proof because any change in data will also change the hash. Hash of the previous block - In the chain, this refers to the previous data block. This connection of one block to the previous block creates the blockchain and also makes it secure. The first block in a blockchain is called genesis block and it will have 0 for this element. Why is blockchain secure? Let us explain this with an example. Here is a blockchain with 4 blocks Block 1 Data: 1000 Hash: 7AB Previous Hash: 0 Block 2 Data: 6000 Hash: 3XY Previous Hash: 7AB Block 3 Data: 4000 Hash: 5UT Previous Hash: 3XY Block 4 Data: 5000 Hash: 9IA Previous Hash: 5UT In the table above, you can see: the Previous Hash of Block 2 is referring to the Hash of Block 1 creating a chain. A new block, Block 5 if required to be added, will be at the end and will connect to Block 4 and refer to Hash 9IA Assuming if someone tampers with the data in Block 2 and changes it to 4500. This would result in the regeneration of its Hash. Let\u2019s assume the new hash is 2NM. Block 1 Data: 1000 Hash: 7AB Previous Hash: 0 Block 2 Data: 6000 4500 Hash: 3XY 2NM Previous Hash: 7AB Block 3 Data: 4000 Hash: 5UT Previous Hash: 3XY Block 4 Data: 5000 Hash: 9IA Previous Hash: 5UT The change in the hash of Block 2 makes Block 3 and all other following blocks no longer connected to Block 2, making them invalid. Yes, we can hear you say that in today's powerful computers can calculate millions of hash per second, why can the hacker not change all the hashes of the following blocks to cover his tracks? This is exactly the reason a concept of \u201cProof-of-work\u201d has been introduced. To be explained simply, \u201cProof-of-work\u201d creates delays in the creation and modification of the blockchain to ensure any changes will take a long time and will easily be deducted by the administrators. Apart from Hash and \u201cProof of work\u201d, the third characteristic that provides security is by being distributed. What this means is that the blockchain is present across a Peer-to-Peer network (P2P). In the case of a public blockchain, anyone can join the P2P network. When a computer (or also referred to as nodes) joins the network, it is sent a full copy of the blockchain. For example one of the most popular open source public blockchain ethereas has more than 25,000 nodes spread across the world. We discussed the creation of Block 5. When this is created, it will be sent to every computer in the P2P network. Each of the nodes validates that the blockchain is not tampered before adding the node. It is also interesting to note that the nodes are connected to one another and create consensus about validating and adding a new block to the blockchain. If the consensus is not achieved, the block is rejected. So to summarise, if someone wants to tamper with the data in one block they need to achieve all of the following: Regenerate hashes and update for all the following blocks Complete the proof-of-work for each of the activities Propagate the changes across the majority of the P2P network. This is what makes blockchain secure and tamper proof. Merits of using blockchain \u00e2\u0097\u008f Provides a safe way to transfer and store large amounts of data. \u00e2\u0097\u008f It has no centre. Complete decentralization means everything would be the same. \u00e2\u0097\u008f Cybersecurity is at its maximum. Records and validate every transaction made, which makes it secure and reliable. \u00e2\u0097\u008f The distributed nature of this tech makes the transaction unchangeable. \u00e2\u0097\u008f Any user of blockchain can request for a query on a real-time basis. \u00e2\u0097\u008f No one person is in charge of the chain. Application of blockchain One of the biggest expectations of blockchain is to remove intermediaries and allow direct transactions. This brings a lot of advantages, and we have seen that every industry is coming up with a multitude of blockchain use cases. This is only going to increase between now and 2025. An important concept that will also drive the application of blockchain across different industries is Smart Contracts. You can think of smart contracts as a programmatically written agreement between the buyer and seller which is automatically executed on completion of a particular event. The smart contract (code and the agreement) is present in a blockchain. Here is one great document that explains the insurance industry can use blockchain to create more value for its customers through transparency and responsiveness. A career in blockchain As clearly seen, the blockchain technology presents to you plenty of opportunities that can be utilized in various applications. The technology is only likely to progress and advance. It is not enough just to know about blockchain but to get a blockchain certification, to stand out from the crowd. Here is the list of blockchain career options you have today in different industries: Blockchain Analyst Blockchain Architect Blockchain Developer Smart Contract/ICO Developer Blockchain Analyst: A blockchain analyst would be the person who would look at the existing business process or a new business process to determine the suitability of applying blockchain to it. This is a critical role because the analyst would need to understand and detail the impact of applying blockchain to a particular function has on the rest of the business value chain. He would also be expected to do write up the project requirements and do cost and benefit analysis for a blockchain project. This role requires a deep understanding of the industry functions and knowledge of blockchain. This can be a role taken up by an industry specialist or technology person who understands the business process. Blockchain Architect: The blockchain architect is the one who designs the blockchain solution for an organisation. The architects do infrastructure, application and data design, set the models for smart contracts etc., They will also be responsible for conducting impact analysis of the blockchain on the existing IT landscape. Blockchain architect roles can be done by experienced software architects who have worked with distributed systems, understand service design and have designed complex IT systems in the past. This is a good career progression for experienced IT and System Architects. Blockchain Developer: The blockchain developer is the one who understands building an end to end blockchain application. The activities would involve creating a blockchain, setting up the nodes, propagation of the blockchain through the network, including smart contracts to the blockchain etc., The role can be pursued by anyone who has experience with full stack development. This involves an understanding of the server side concepts, good programming skills and understanding of blockchain concepts. Experience in object-oriented programming languages and experience of web programming would be a plus. Smart Contract Developer: A smart contract developer is responsible for building smart contracts wisely over the blockchain. With the number of ICO (Initial Coin Offerings) and the business need for smart contracts, this would be a role to watch out for. This role can be done by someone who understands blockchain and experience in Solidity. Solidity is an OOP language inspired by C++ and Python used for building smart contracts. Knowledge of ethereum and other popular blockchains would be a plus. Conclusion \u00e2\u0097\u008f Being a certified blockchain expert puts you on the map of one of the most wanted professionals in the world. \u00e2\u0097\u008f High paying jobs, high profile career and cutting edge technology to empower you every way \u00e2\u0097\u008f It is an upcoming field, and it is widely expected that blockchain would power the Web 3.0. It gives you a fantastic opportunity to be on the leading edge of change, as it would give you a great opportunity to grow your career. 336 views Related QuestionsMore Answers Below Are there Blockchain jobs? What are the possible applications of blockchain in India? How do I build my career in blockchain as a non-technical person? What are future jobs in Blockchain (not Cryptocurrency)? Is blockchain necessary? Sayantini Deb, Research Analyst Answered May 28, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 186 answers and 71.8k answer views Having finally emerged from its cryptocurrency shell, Blockchain is today redefining everything from currency transactions, internet connectivity and security to data storage and handling. Even governments have woken up to the advantages of Blockchain for secure transactions and are running pilot projects such as the Andhra Pradesh (India) government\u2019s initiative to move land records to Blockchain. As a distributed, tamper proof ledger, Blockchain can cut out intermediaries, reduce costs, and increase speed and reach. By removing middle-men and centralized third parties that handle transacti... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Having finally emerged from its cryptocurrency shell, Blockchain is today redefining everything from currency transactions, internet connectivity and security to data storage and handling. Even governments have woken up to the advantages of Blockchain for secure transactions and are running pilot projects such as the Andhra Pradesh (India) government\u2019s initiative to move land records to Blockchain. As a distributed, tamper proof ledger, Blockchain can cut out intermediaries, reduce costs, and increase speed and reach. By removing middle-men and centralized third parties that handle transactions, Blockchain is expected to usher in greater transparency and traceability in business processes. While private and public sectors warm up to Blockchain, there\u2019s a serious dearth of skilled professionals and consequently a huge demand for Blockchain Engineers and Architects. In such a scenario, the career prospects for those interested in Blockchain jobs looks brighter than ever. With top global organizations adopting Blockchain, skilled professionals are in high demand, now more than ever. Consequently, Blockchain Engineers and Architects are among the highest paid IT professionals today, and the market demand for them is growing rapidly. In fact, it\u2019s said that for every five Blockchain related jobs in the industry, there is only one eligible professional available. Many fortune 500 companies are on the hunt for eligible Blockchain professionals. Prominent economic sectors which are leading in Blockchain adoption include retail, banking, healthcare, finance, and logistics. What can you expect in this report? Blockchain career path, learning hours & resources Salary and job trends for Blockchain Engineer / Analyst jobs Industries and companies which are hiring Blockchain professionals Getting a Blockchain certification is a sure shot way to unlock a rewarding Blockchain career. We hope that this Career guide will take you one step closer to achieving your dream Blockchain job role. Download now to get started. 510 views sMMYpZuQornjMlDsXroGwrAXexdPSrVL uPbRIywJ QgZRiamygYXChMiHBnnUNudgDOJ TlKGBXRullIBdYxlMGd,UZzB TaLImvyLlTCUnijg How did he make $8 million trading stocks from home? With no experience, Kyle Dennis decided to invest in stocks. He owes his success to these strategies. Read More You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo Kevnit Digital Solutions, Leader in Blockchain Technology Answered Aug 22, 2018 Blockchain is the fastest-growing skill currently, The demand is far outpacing supply. There were more than 6000 largely full-time job openings posted that required block chain skills in the last 12 months. Even though as a skill-set, block chain technology is in its infancy, it\u2019s in demand from start-ups as well as established companies such as IBM and Samsung. So some of the options for a career with respect to block chain are: 1. Blockchain Developer 2. Blockchain Project Manager 3. Blockchain Designer 4. Blockchain Quality Engineer 5. Blockchain Attorney These are just a few of the wide array ... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain is the fastest-growing skill currently, The demand is far outpacing supply. There were more than 6000 largely full-time job openings posted that required block chain skills in the last 12 months. Even though as a skill-set, block chain technology is in its infancy, it\u2019s in demand from start-ups as well as established companies such as IBM and Samsung. So some of the options for a career with respect to block chain are: 1. Blockchain Developer 2. Blockchain Project Manager 3. Blockchain Designer 4. Blockchain Quality Engineer 5. Blockchain Attorney These are just a few of the wide array of career options in the field of blockchain technology. If you are interested to learn Blockchain , do drop by our office if you are in Bangalore/Bengaluru. or visit us at : Kevnit Digital Solutions Pvt. Ltd. | Blockchain Company | India You can contact us directly on our website for information on blockchain. 693 views Vikash Kumar, Technopreneur | Researcher | Consultant | Trainer Answered Jul 19, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 118 answers and 14.1k answer views Hi, Blockchain Career opportunities are good in India. Many individuals and corporates are working into the Blockchain Space. Some are blockchain developer or some are functional consultant of Blockchain. Moreover, it always good to have a certification alongside knowledge of Blockchain Technology. Blockchain council is a premium brand in Blockchain Space and it offers certification courses on Blockchain Technology. You can start with the course Certified Blockchain Expert and start your journey into the same. Wish you all the very best! 348 views Anil Gupta, Blockchain expert Answered Aug 23, 2018 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 4.4k answers and 5.5m answer views Originally Answered: Is there a scope for block chain in India? refer to some of these articles : Scope of Bitcoin and Blockchain in India Magnos Technologies' answer to What's the future of Blockchain in India? Magnos Technologies' answer to What blockchain technology is doing to India? 143 views \u00c2\u00b7 Answer requested by Janarthanam K Viniti Srivastava, Content Writer at Digital Marketing (2019-present) Answered May 12, 2020 Originally Answered: What are the job opportunities of blockchain in India? Blockchain is a Network for Exchanging Values. This can be a good sector for Jobs . Already so many international companies in India dealing with Services . In India it will take time to understand the Importance of Blockchain as some policies do not allow to deal with Cryptocurrencies. But Blockchain is itself a different service to connect consumers to consumers. 99 views Omkar Hiremath, Blockchain, Hadoop and Ethical Hacking Enthusiast Answered Mar 12, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 306 answers and 116.3k answer views Originally Answered: What is the career in blockchain technology in India? Blockchain is still budding in India. Though some companies in India have adopted Blockchain technology, it is not scaled enough to become a large scale job creator. But preparing yourself for Blockchain would surely be helpful. I think Blockchain is gonna have a great scope in India very soon. To know more about career in Blockchain, visit: Career in Blockchain | edureka! Community 106 views BhaVana Sai, studied at BVRITH Answered Nov 1, 2018 The development of Blockchain has increasing and it keeps on growing. Many organisations are already exploring the possibilities of the Blockchain. Check more about Blockchain career here 521 views Siva Prasad, Software Engineer at Wipro (2006-present) Answered Mar 25, 2019 There is a great demand in blockchain course in india. bcause of the bitcoin and its uses. many of them got awareness about the usage of blockchain technology. many of the industries are trying to use blockchain technology in their organasations 319 views Simran Alphonso, former Journalist at AMBCrypto Answered Mar 12, 2019 Originally Answered: What is the career in blockchain technology in India? Check out: Koinex | The future is decentralised and open. Come join us in building Web 3.0 and experience a transformation of the world! We are hiring across major roles in engineering, business development, marketing, operations and other functions. Check out all open positions in Mumbai and Bengaluru! 61 views Prashant Divekar, Co-Founder TUB Answered Mar 12, 2019 Originally Answered: What is the career in blockchain technology in India? There are plenty of opportunities lying in India for Blockchain experts many corporates are hiring & facing a shortage of skilled manpower in Blockchain. 73 views View more Related Questions Does blockchain as a technology have a good scope in India? Is it worth it to do a blockchain? What is required to start a career in blockchain technology in India? Is it worth investing time in learning blockchain? Is the future of blockchain bright? What kind of job will be eliminated by blockchain? Are there Blockchain jobs? What is the future of blockchain gaming? What is the salary for a blockchain developer in India? What's the future of Blockchain in India? What is the blockchain for cryptocurrency? How do blockchains work? Who creates the new block in Blockchain? Are any Indian software companies working on Blockchain technologies? Everyone's talking about blockchain, but what type of companies will not benefit from blockchain? How do I begin a career as a blockchain developer? Related Questions Does blockchain as a technology have a good scope in India? Is it worth it to do a blockchain? How can I become part of a blockchain? Is it worth investing time in learning blockchain? Is the future of blockchain bright? How do I build my career in blockchain as a non-technical person? What is the scope of blockchain technology in India as a blockchain developer or blockchain manager? About \u00c2\u00b7 Careers \u00c2\u00b7 Privacy \u00c2\u00b7 Terms \u00c2\u00b7 Contact", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "quora", 
    "Hash": "19557E8AC6EFE3D6337BE25402728D6A", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://economicgraph.linkedin.com/en-us/research/linkedin-2018-emerging-jobs-report", 
        "https://koinex.in/careers", 
        "https://www.edureka.co/career-guide?utm_campaign=sayantini26apr&utm_medium=%2Bquora&utm_source=career-guide%3Futm_source%3Dcareer-guide", 
        "https://www.edureka.co/community/21164/career-in-blockchain", 
        "https://www.quora.com/Are-there-Blockchain-jobs", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-begin-a-career-as-a-blockchain-developer", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-build-my-career-in-blockchain-as-a-non-technical-person", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Anil-Gupta-896", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/BhaVana-Sai-4", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Kevnit-Digital-Solutions", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Omkar-Hiremath-7", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Prashant-Divekar-5", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Ramesh-Babu-602", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Sayantini-Deb", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Simran-Alphonso", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Vijay-1716", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Vikash-Kumar-308", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answer/Viniti-Srivastava", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answers/129970767", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answers/161892863", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India/answers/186725151", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India?page_id=2", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-are-future-jobs-in-Blockchain-not-Cryptocurrency", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-job-opportunities-of-blockchain-in-India?no_redirect=1", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India?no_redirect=1", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-kind-of-job-will-be-eliminated-by-blockchain", 
        "https://www.quora.com/careers", 
        "https://www.quora.com/opensearch/description.xml"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.quora.com%2FHow-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjXn5WVhZ7qAhVDJjQIHXTiBTcQrAIwDXoECAUQBA&usg=AOvVaw0IjD1cNrimKzO_r_SNjCxC", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of work", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- quora", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "How is the career in blockchain in India? - Quora", 
    "Url": "https://www.quora.com/How-is-the-career-in-blockchain-in-India"
}
