{
    "Body": "News Interviews Video Log Bitcoin Ethereum ICO Reviews New Projects Blockchain Mining Trading Exchange Search Advertising Write for us Disclaimer Contact Coin Info \u2013 Blockchain & Cryptocurrency News News Interviews Video Log Bitcoin Ethereum ICO Reviews New Projects Blockchain Mining Trading Exchange Home News HIGHEST PAID BLOCKCHAIN JOBS [INFOGRAPHIC] HIGHEST PAID BLOCKCHAIN JOBS News By Coin Info News - September 2, 2019 Today, blockchain technology is the word we hear in every sector. Magnificent features of this technology made many industries and tech companies to go for blockchain. As a result demand for blockchain experience and knowledge is touching the sky. But before diving into learn about Blockchain jobs, Let\u2019s discuss, what is blockchain? To people who are not familiar with this technology, blockchain is a collection of records or blocks linked in the form of a chain. One more significant feature of blockchain is it\u2019s strong and well-written encryption, it defends attacks like hacking, alteration, and manipulations from unknown sources. Because of its high standard security features, these blocks serve as loyal ledgers. They store information related to transactions like digital currency and e-finance systems like bitcoin. Because of this reason several industries shifted to this technology to ensure the safety of their transactions. Blockchain technology helps businesses with minimal transaction charges for transfers. It develops a quicker and smoother exchange as it stops the intervention of the third-party. According to Janco Associates survey, a management consultancy industry, About 23% of popular tech companies and industries are now actively working on designing Blockchain apps and to do this, they need a project manager, application designers, and developers. All candidates should have prior blockchain experience. Technical skills are key to get a job in the blockchain universe, several job listings require candidates with hard skills, including machine learning, java, python, C/C++, artificial intelligence, and amazon web services. However, there are several opportunities for non-techies too. Employers also consider candidates with soft skills, such as creativity, communication, and problem-solving, and who are self-motivated, team players and entrepreneurial. One of our teammates from\u00c2\u00a0Mrdesigner.org\u00c2\u00a0has developed an educative and informative infographic on \u201cHighest Paid Blockchain Jobs\u201d. kindly, check out our infographic and express your view on it. Related Comments comments SHARE Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Coin Info News LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Kuva proposes game changing solutions to crypto adoption challenges Terence Zimwara Multi-asset blockchain enables exchange of crypto assets across separate blockchains without intermediaries User satisfaction determining balance of rewards between service providers and computing power providers. Kuva, a crypto start up inspired by monetary history in Africa recently released a technical whitepaper for its blockchain kNET. The whitepaper release marks the beginning of an economic and monetary operating system, driven by users\u2019 satisfaction. It is also the culmination of a two year effort by the Kuva team to create a scalable crypto-currency for Africa and indeed the world. Functionally, Kuva\u2019s native blockchain, kNET allows crypto-currency users to switch between different currencies, both digital and fiat without intermediaries as well as enabling users to pay for various services. At a protocol level, the kNET Blockchain attempts to incorporate end user satisfaction into its governance protocols. In a statement, Kuva outlined what it terms a third generation Blockchain technology, with world first utility, scalability and user governance. Kuva Director of Strategy, Andreiko Kerdemelidis said: \u201cThe Kuva team has worked hard to address challenges seen in the first generation Blockchain, the Bitcoin Blockchain. Bitcoin has shown its resilience and utility as a store value over the past 10 years but its noble consensus protocol has made it difficult to implement enhancements that can help drive user adoption. Bitcoin consensus protocol has in effect become its Achilles heel.\u201d According to the Kuva whitepaper, statically decentralized, consensus-driven, trustless networks like that of Bitcoin, are a Gordian knot; the same security that enforces their protocol and keeps users safe is also their weakness. These protocols can only change with the majority agreement of those who provide the resources to sustain the network, with the unintended effect that these protocols rapidly harden and become unchangeable to the detriment of end users. For instance, it has not been possible to get miners\u2019 consensus on controversial issues like increasing the block size. Increasing the block size (a part of the protocol where transactions are processed and stored) enhances the scalability of Bitcoin.\u00c2\u00a0 However, for miners, a smaller block size means limited space or a scarce resource which can be exploited to extract a premium on the fees paid by those who want quick confirmation of their transactions. The result is that Bitcoin which was launched with a vision as a universal \u201cpeer-to-peer electronic cash system\u201d, has now settled permanently to be a form of \u2018digital gold\u2019 rather than \u2018digital cash.\u2019 Bitcoin is effectively unusable for making day-to-day small-value purchases due to the cost of transacting which grows every time the cryptos\u2019 value increases. Some Bitcoin supporters believe addressing this scaling challenge will be vital in facilitating the next wave of its adoption.\u00c2\u00a0 As it stands now, Bitcoin remains stuck at a block size of just 1MB, smaller than a typical photograph taken on a modern smartphone and this happens despite Bitcoin\u2019s specialised computing power which exceeds capability of every single supercomputer on Earth put together! User ratings in governance Bitcoin proponents and opponents alike do acknowledge the effect of this challenge (block size) in slowing the biggest cryptocurrency from achieving its goal of creating a true alternative to fiat money as well as advancing the financial inclusion cause. So in order to avoid falling into the same trap, Kuva has conceived that by involving end users\u2014the true economic majority\u2014in the governance process, the chances of a Blockchain\u2019s ability to scale and get adoption are greatly enhanced. Kuva believes it will achieve this by incorporating governance protocols that are intended to progress the network toward a \u2018dynamically decentralized\u2019 system with a representative strategic governance that balances the incentives for service providers and infrastructure providers, based on the satisfaction of end users. This point is appreciated when one observes the progression (or lack thereof) as well as the trends observed in pioneering Blockchains. A pertinent example is crypto mining. \u00c2\u00a0A few years ago, some mining pools in Bitcoin gained over 40% of the hashing power in the network, a phenomenon that raised concerns with stakeholders. These major pool oligarchies are reported to have backed off from the 50% mark \u2018voluntarily\u2019 in order to preserve confidence in the system. To pre-empt something similar to this from happening, the kNET whitepaper is proposing what it terms a strategy and governance for the network to be shared between collateralized Licensed Service Providers (LSP) and network infrastructure operators; the Masternodes and Masterminers. Importantly, this complex protocol allows the public or a third-party organization to submit \u2018Strategic Governance Proposals\u2019 for voting. Collateralized stakeholders will post a vote on a submitted proposal. In other words, Kuva users will be able to influence changes or the direction of further development of the network and protocol. Solving the exchange dilemma Meanwhile, the whitepaper touches on what it terms Chainbond Protected Swaps (CPS) or simply put, a two party exchange between crypto-currency assets across separate crypto networks. This allows the seamless exchange between crypto-currencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum without the involvement of an exchange as is currently the convention. This is a potential game changer as users will not have to briefly relinquish control of their private keys each time they want to swap assets. Even better, they will not have to store funds with exchanges which historically, have been vulnerable to hacking. Sometimes a person in African who wants to buy digital currency often has to spend time looking for a seller because there are no formal and locally domiciled exchanges operating.\u00c2\u00a0 This is ironic, as the strongest use cases for alternatives to government issued money are in developing countries. Chainbond Protected Swaps address an area that is presently hindering many potential users from adopting crypto-currencies. James Saruchera, Chief Executive of Kuva said, \u201cCPS will enable direct, trustless exchange between ordinary people where crypto is needed the most.\u201d kNet\u2019s ability to allow trustless exchange across blockchains and user centricity, are attributes that may position it as the final missing piece in the crypto puzzle. Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his\u00c2\u00a0blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email\u00c2\u00a0tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. News Blockchain and democracy in Africa Terence Zimwara The African continent has made great strides in embracing the ideals of democracy and freedom but problems persist when it comes to managing electoral processes. Allegations of rigging and fraud are a common place on the continent where incumbent governments are known to abuse their position to further their personal objectives. Kenya, Nigeria, Malawi, Democratic Republic of Congo and Zimbabwe are part of an endless list of countries which have had disputed elections and until now there has been no real solution to pre-empt such problems. Blockchain which hitherto, has been associated with crypto-currencies like Bitcoin, could potentially come to the aid of democracy on the continent and elsewhere. Blockchain technology has many uses besides supporting digital currencies, it can be used in the insurance industry to enforce contracts, in the music industry to reward artists, for real estate management, solar energy management, maintaining academic certificates etc. There are ongoing projects exploring these use cases and preliminary results appear to show immense potential benefits. Now some crypto entrepreneurs are now suggesting the use of this technology in resolving electoral disputes and other controversial undertakings like the amendment of constitutions. For instance, some Blockchain specialists have suggested putting a country\u2019s constitution on the Blockchain as one way of pre-empting the common abuses and the subsequent problems. When this important document is on a public ledger, which comes with the usual immutability and is decentralized, it means few individuals in a government cannot force amendments to the constitution without the knowledge or approval by the greater public. To illustrate this point we look at Uganda. A few years ago, that country was plunged into chaos when long time ruler, Yoweri Museveni, sought to amend the constitution in order allow himself to run for office again by scrapping the age limit. The Ugandan leader had already served the maximum years allowed by the law but changed the constitution in 2005 by using a parliamentary super majority. In Africa it is common for a dominant political party to change the rules even if that process is unpopular with the voters. Had the Ugandan constitution been on a Blockchain years prior, this topic would not have come up for discussion to begin with. The Ugandan leader prevailed just like many others before him elsewhere, apparently democracy can be manipulated to suit interests of the elites, the minority. In fact, this problem is seen even in countries outside Africa like Turkey, where longtime ruler Recep Tayyip Erdogan pushed through a referendum that made amendments to the constitution. The amendments increased the powers of the president while reducing the influence of prime minister and parliament. Now when a country\u2019s constitution is on the Blockchain, it ordinarily means no one party\u2014no matter how popular\u2014will be able to freely change rules. A presidential candidate who has already served a two term limit will be precluded from having his name on the ballot paper because the smart contract built into the Blockchain will reject it. So instead of resorting to demonstrations and violence as way of registering disapproval, citizens should insist on the placement of such an important document on a public distributed ledger. The same should go for a voters roll, a document containing names and details of voters. Control of such voter records is seen as key for political survival by some political actors on the African continent.\u00c2\u00a0 For instance, in Zimbabwe, the voters\u2019 roll is tightly controlled by the incumbent party while the opposition as well as pro-democracy forces virtually have no access to it. Access is only granted briefly during an election period and it is availed in the hardcopy format and as such, no independent observer has been able to verify or authenticate its contents in time to make a judgment before the election. It is on the basis that the country\u2019s opposition has been alleging vote rigging for years, something which it alleges is being aided by government\u2019s control of the voters\u2019 roll. Therefore if such a voters\u2019 roll becomes available on the Blockchain, it means individuals will be able to check to see if their names are properly listed thus avoiding the common scenarios of voters being turned away on election day. When the number of registered voters for a particular county is known well before an election, possible rigging and ballot box stuffing is avoided because a Blockchain based voters\u2019 roll will reject the extra ballots on election day! So in a nutshell, Blockchain technology has the potential to enhance democracy on the continent and reverse the trend of resorting to armed struggles as a way of fighting back against stolen elections. Civil conflicts which are specifically rooted in disputed election results will be avoided. Blockchain technology is known to infuse confidence in a monetary system like that of Bitcoin and likewise it will instill confidence democracies thus help reduce conflicts. Pro-democracy activists as well as the media have greater role to play in ensuring citizens become more knowledgeable about these possibilities. When enough people become aware a momentum will be created and governments will eventually be forced to consider Blockchain for the constitution and many other aspects of its mandate. Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. News Cryptocurrency Basics: Some Things You Need To Know By CouponChief.com Just a decade ago, it would have been perfectly reasonable to think of cryptocurrency as science fiction. But that was then. Today, cryptocurrencies are real \u2013 although not tangible \u2013 assets used to purchase and sell real things, as well as traded on currency markets around the globe. And those markets have exploded. \u00c2\u00a0What is Cryptocurrency? Cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual asset that functions as a medium of exchange in much the same was as more traditional forms of legal tender (like metal or paper currencies). It is a form of digital money that employs cryptography to ensure security in the transfer of funds and creation of additional currency units. The foundation of any cryptocurrency lies in its security, anonymity, and accessibility to anyone with an internet connection. Cryptocurrencies can be used to buy and sell goods and services, but today are primarily an investment asset traded on currency exchanges around the world. There are currently over 1500 cryptocurrencies in existence, most of which very few people have ever heard of. There are, however, a number of well-known, highly-capitalized coins that garner the lion\u2019s share of action and attention.\u00c2\u00a0 Bitcoin, of course, is the biggest name by far. Other important cryptocurrency players, as of this writing, include Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, NEO, Monero, Tron, Cardano, and Stellar. What is a Blockchain? You can\u2019t get too far into the world of cryptocurrencies without encountering the word \u201cblockchain\u201d or the term \u201cblockchain technology.\u201d An explanation of blockchains can get very complicated and technical, and would take up much more room than is available in this article. Here\u2019s a simple, but workable explanation: A blockchain is a digitized, shared public ledger that contains all transactions of a cryptocurrency. Put another way, a blockchain consists of a series (or chain) of files (blocks) containing the records of the most recent transactions of a cryptocurrency. As transactions take place, the blocks recording the transactions are added to the chain, allowing for a constantly up-to-date ledger. Blocks are kept in chronological order and each one contains a hash of the previous block. The blockchain database is shared by all nodes (computers connected to the cryptocurrency\u2019s blockchain system), therefore assuring that the database cannot be altered or deleted. Blockchains are at the heart of Bitcoin, likely the currency\u2019s biggest single innovation, and variations of blockchain technology are the foundation of every other cryptocurrency. What is Cryptocurrency Mining? Cryptocurrency mining (aka cryptomining, altcoin mining, and Bitcoin mining) is the process by which cryptocurrency transactions are verified, authorized and added to the currency\u2019s blockchain. The process involves the efforts of cryptocurrency \u201cminers\u201d whose responsibility is to ensure the validity of transactions by verifying the elements of those transactions, primarily by determining that the coin owner has enough of the currency to pay for the transaction. This is accomplished by examining the balance in the owner\u2019s wallet. (More on cryptocurrency wallets below.) Once the transaction information is verified, it is authenticated and added to the blockchain by solving a complex mathematical equation or puzzle that is part of the cryptocurrency\u2019s program. In the case of Bitcoin, the puzzle involves discovering a \u201cnonce\u201d, which is an integer between 0 and 4,294,967,296. Cryptocurrency miners, in effect, compete to solve the puzzle, with the first one to solve it rewarded by being given the task of authorizing and adding the transaction to the blockchain, and by earning a given amount of the cryptocurrency itself. Is Cryptocurrency Mining Worth It? It\u2019s possible to earn units of a cryptocurrency through mining, and there are plenty of people out there working at doing just that. But is it really worth it? The answer: maybe. It all depends on the time, effort and resources one is willing to invest. And that can be a lot. How to Purchase Cryptocurrencies Fortunately, mining is far from the only method of obtaining cryptocurrencies. The easiest way is simply to buy them. There are a number of options for purchasing cryptocurrencies, but the place most people buy them is on a cryptocurrency exchange. Cryptocurrency exchanges (also known as digital currency exchanges or DCE\u2019s) are online platforms where people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. There are literally dozens of them in operation, each with its own fees, processes, ancillary services, and particular currency listings. Most operate outside of the U.S. in order to avoid strict regulation of their activities. There are two basic types of exchanges: fiat exchanges and cryptocurrency to cryptocurrency exchanges. Fiat exchanges allow customers to purchase cryptocurrencies with traditional money sources, like U.S. dollars or euros. Cryptocurrency to cryptocurrency exchanges, as the name implies, allow those who own one kind of cryptocurrency to trade it for another kind. Most major exchanges offer both fiat purchases and cryptocurrency to cryptocurrency trades. The cryptocurrency exchange world is as new as cryptocurrencies themselves and, given their early growing pains and sparse regulation, it can be tricky choosing one to trust with your business. Obviously, customers will need to find an exchange that deals in the specific currency they are interested in. Beyond that, it may be best to seek out platforms with a solid reputation, and that are free from security breach and regulatory issues. To find information on a platform\u2019s security and regulatory history requires a bit of online homework: checking news outlets and sites like Twitter and Reddit. Other factors to consider when picking an exchange include trading volume (sites with a lot of business likely have that much business for a reason), costs (fees), and access to quality customer support. Storing Cryptocurrencies There are lots of great security advantages that make cryptocurrencies attractive. But there is one big \u2013 and scary \u2013 security task that individual currency owners must take upon themselves: storage. That\u2019s because the short history of cryptocurrencies is rife with stories of hacks that have resulted in owners losing their coins forever. So, taking personal responsibility for the proper storage of one\u2019s coins is an absolute must. Storing cryptocurrency means using a wallet. A cryptocurrency wallet is nothing like that old leather thing you\u2019ve got in your back pocket, however. A cryptocurrency wallet refers to any one of several methods for securing the digital information a currency owner needs to store, receive and send his or her coins. More precisely, a cryptocurrency wallet stores the owner\u2019s public and \u2013 most importantly \u2013 private keys that allow the owner access to his/her cryptocurrency stash. There are a wide variety of types of cryptocurrency wallets, including desktop wallets (installed directly on an owner\u2019s computer), online wallets (storage on the cloud), and mobile wallets (storage on a smartphone). The problem with these wallet types is that they all leave their owners vulnerable on some level to hacking. That\u2019s why it is highly recommended that owners employ a hardware wallet for their cryptocurrency storage. With a hardware wallet, the owner\u2019s keys are stored on an external digital device, like an USB stick or smartcard. Hardware wallets are very secure since the information on them is contained offline and thus not assessable to hackers. The main disadvantage \u2013 and this can be a big one \u2013 is that if you lose your wallet, or if your wallet is damaged beyond repair, the keys stored on it are gone, along with the owner\u2019s coins. And that loss may be forever. Unless, that is, the owner keeps a backup. Buying and Selling Things with Cryptocurrencies Now that you own Bitcoins or some other cryptocurrency, what can you do with them? The answer is pretty much the same as with any traditional currency. There are two basic uses. The first is to treat your coins as an investment: buying, holding, trading, and selling them to (hopefully) make a profit. The second is to use them to buy stuff \u2013 actual products and services. In most cases, online retailers use the services of a third-party processor, like Bitpay, to facilitate payment with a cryptocurrency. Customers simply follow the prompts on the retailer\u2019s website in much the same was as when making payment with a credit or debit card. Retailers that accept cryptocurrencies at their brick-and-mortar locations also use third-party processors, but payment by the customer is most often made via a \u201cspending wallet\u201d app on the customer\u2019s smartphone or similar device. Who Accepts Cryptocurrencies as Payment? The list of merchants and companies that accept cryptocurrencies to pay for their products and services is relatively small, but that list is growing, and it includes a lot of very recognizable names. Not surprisingly, the most widely accepted cryptocurrency is Bitcoin, but many retailers will accept other major coins as well. Most merchants accepting cryptocurrencies do so online through their websites, but a growing number are starting to accept them at their brick-and-mortar locations. The benefits to merchants include immediate processing, lower transaction costs, avoidance of fraud and chargebacks, and the attraction of new \u2013 and younger \u2013 customers. Dell, Expedia, Microsoft, Subway (at select locations), and PayPal are some of the major merchants currently accepting one or more cryptocurrencies as payment for their products and services. Investing in Cryptocurrencies for Fun and Profit When it comes to cryptocurrencies, the big action is in investment. It\u2019s easy to see why. Consider this: When Bitcoin was launched in 2009, its price hovered just above $15. It remained that way for years before jumping into the hundreds of dollars in 2013. It first broke the $1,000 mark in early 2017. And then the rocket was lit, with Bitcoin\u2019s price peaking at over $19,000 in January 2018. Not long after, however, Bitcoin\u2019s price dropped substantially, and those buying the currency at its peak found themselves witnessing their investments drop precipitously. As of the time of this writing, the price of Bitcoin was just under $7,000. The bottom line: With huge potential rewards, many investors simply can\u2019t resist the lure of cryptocurrency investment. Along with big rewards, though, come big risks \u2013 and the real possibility of seriously big losses. To learn more, read CouponChief\u2019s cryptocurrency primer: https://www.couponchief.com/guides/cryptocurrency_primer News Approaching the crypto regulation question Terence Zimwara Regulation of the crypto-currency industry seems to be gathering pace in many countries just as the embrace of the innovation is growing. The fintech has proven its resilience and it\u2019s only natural that authorities now see it fit to have rules governing the conduct of participants. At the nexus of this regulation drive are concerns about the flow of information or lack thereof. How and when such information is disseminated are some of the legitimate questions prompting this push for the establishment of rules. Reports of ignorant investors getting burnt courtesy of their ill advised investment choices as well as misleading advertisements further motivates authorities to respond. So in order to curb or correct this, some traditional financial regulators have taken on the role of formulating the appropriate regulatory response. Still, in other jurisdictions, it is those directly involved in the crypto industry i.e. the tech or Blockchain pioneers who have taken the lead in proposing rules for the industry with governments following their lead by endorsing such proposals. Predictably, the different approaches have resulted in a rather disjointed global regulatory response seen today. Asian countries\u2019 regulations are seen as more permissive and nurturing while those in Africa remain essentially hostile. Western countries\u2019 response has been mixture of the two extremes. Naturally this ignites the debate, who should be taking the lead in crafting regulations that govern the crypto industry; the central bankers or the tech experts? Crypto-currencies are essentially competing with fiat currencies and as such, central banks\u2014the sole issuers of fiat currency\u2014 will naturally, not countenance anything that threatens their long established monopolistic position. Therefore any effort to regulate privately issued crypto-currencies that is led by a central bank will inevitably be unbalanced and only engenders resistance by crypto-currency creators. In fact, that has been the case pretty much, central banks particularly those in Africa, have flatly refused to give even a modicum of recognition to privately issued crypto-currencies. This is in spite of evidence or statistics showing that African citizens are using these increasingly for international remittances as well as cross border payments. African central bankers believe they are the foreordained money creators and as such they must safeguard this monopoly position. To illustrate, in South Africa, the central bank has essentially accused creators of crypto-currencies of \u2018infringing\u2019 on its mandate as that country\u2019s sole issuer of currency. While it acknowledges the use of cryptos in settling transactions in a consultation paper, the South African Reserve Bank (SARB) has stubbornly refused to grant them due recognition while insisting that such borderless currencies must register with it for them to be permissible. It is difficult to see how creators of crypto-currencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum will accede to such demands and how the SARB itself will enforce this requirement. Meanwhile in Zimbabwe, which many laud as classic case of a country in need of an alternative currency, the central bank has worked hard to stop adoption of crypto-currencies by the public. It has issued advisories warning the public about the risks of using crypto-currencies and has even banned banks from using their platforms to support crypto trading. In addition, a crypto exchange Golix, was forced to shut operations and had a crypto automated teller machine seized. In both these cases, central bank intentions or actions seem aimed at stalling the growth of crypto-currency trading instead of regulating this. This is the kind of approach that then raises concerns about the suitability of central banks as the right candidates to regulate the crypto-currency industry. Perhaps an ideal scenario would be a joint regulating effort involving crypto experts and central bankers. Central banks will gain access to direct and immediate expertise on this fintech while crypto creators will be able to influence the direction of the regulation. It is fair to assume however, that most creators of crypto-currencies are based outside Africa so any joint effort will not be possible. For a continent that still has problems with its colonial past, the partial ceding of monetary control to \u2018foreigners\u2019 will not be entertained. In a continent where nationalistic phrases like sovereignty or national security are regularly thrown around, such a joint relationship might not work. This African stance contrasts very much with that of some Asian countries where individuals with experience in the industry seem to be taking the lead in formulating regulations. Governments there seem to accept that crypto entrepreneurs are more knowledgeable hence they should be leading the effort of creating an orderly operating environment. For example, in Taiwan a prominent crypto specialist, Jason Hsu has since been elected to that country\u2019s legislature and is now using his position to propose legislation that is seen as being supportive to the crypto industry. Hsu works closely with start-ups to ensure that industry views are taken on board. The same approach is also observed in Japan where authorities have given crypto players the mandate to take the lead in creating the framework that governs the industry. The result has seen Japan taking the lead globally in embracing crypto-currencies\u2014it has even given legal recognition to cryptos like Bitcoin! Apparently the leadership of these countries acknowledges the risks associated with the nascent technology but have still made the decision to embrace it hence the advancement of the industry. Meanwhile in the UK, it is the financial markets watchdog, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) that has taken decisive steps towards crypto regulation. In a recently released policy statement, the FCA set parameters of its mandate when carrying out its mandate of protecting British consumers of financial products like Bitcoin. In a final guidance, the FCA also sought to make it clear for market participants to know whether they are carrying out regulated services or not. However, perhaps to show it still has limited knowledge and information on this market, the FCA has proposed to leave what it terms \u2018exchange tokens\u2019 unregulated for now. Exchange tokens according to the UK watchdog, \u2018are not issued or backed by any central authority and are intended and designed to be used as a means of exchange. They tend to be a decentralized tool for buying and selling goods and services without traditional intermediaries. These tokens are usually outside the perimeter.\u2019 So for now Bitcoin, Ethereum, Monero Litecoin etc will remain outside the regulatory parameter as far as the FCA is concerned. This UK position seems to be in tandem with the general thinking in Asian countries, allow the industry to grow and regulate when you have adequate knowledge. Unfortunately, this position seems to be at odds with another global financial leader, the United States. The US has been hamstrung by a combination of an ambivalent stance taken by its multiple regulators on one hand and a government intend on stopping further growth of cryptos on the other. So while there is a realization by some that this industry just like others must be allowed to grow, there is however, a loud opposition to the very idea of privately issued crypto-currencies. Consequently, there has been no unison on the issue with the resultant uncertainty driving crypto entrepreneurs away from the US, the world\u2019s biggest economy. Libra Association\u2014 creators of the controversial \u00c2\u00a0Libra token which is fronted by the US based Facebook\u2014has said it will set base in Switzerland because of that country\u2019s reputation for neutrality but this decision may have been motivated by the current hostility shown to crypto-currencies by US authorities generally. Indeed hostile regulation will not kill crypto-currencies as long as there is a legitimate need for such currencies, the last few years have demonstrated that. Authorities must always think of the impact of legislation on innovation even as they try to protect consumers from sophisticated fraudsters and scammers. Roping in crypto-currency creators when formulating rules and regulations could help in getting their cooperation. When there is cooperation bad actors will not able to carry on as they have done. \u00c2\u00a0Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. News When an innovation is a threat Terence Zimwara Inventions are quite rare these days and so are groundbreaking innovations. Sometimes the world seems content with what it has but that has not stopped driven individuals from attempting to find solutions to mankind\u2019s unresolved problems. One such problem is the provision of financial and banking services to more than a billion people spread across the world\u2019s poor countries. Financial institutions across the world have failed on this front prompting private players to attempt to solve this. So when Bitcoin launched as a potential solution to this problem, the initial response to it was mixed; some of the poor and marginalized hailed this as a possible panacea they had been waiting for while establishment elites initially heaped contempt and scorn on it. The latter\u2019s initial reaction would eventually turn into open hostility, this innovation apparently threatened to disrupt their long established ways. The ferocity of the opposition has been ascending and may have reached a crescendo when Facebook faced off with US legislators over its plan to launch Libra, a hybrid version of Bitcoin that is supported by its own Blockchain. Tensions had long been simmering when US President Donald Trump finally set things in motion with his trademark twitter rants against both Bitcoin and the yet to be launched Libra. Central bankers and financial gurus had been lining up for years condemning or sounding alarm against crypto-currencies. From former International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director, Christian Largade to Jerome Powell the US Federal Reserve chairman, all have issued grim statements about Bitcoin and now the focus has shifted to Libra. Throughout the public hearings at the US Congress in July this year, politicians repeatedly showed their disdain of Libra and Facebook itself. Some asked Facebook to halt work on Libra until they were satisfied that concerns had been addressed. Elsewhere others have found it contemptuous for tech firms and organizations to even venture into currency issuing. According to some like the South African Reserve Bank, such as a role only belongs to central banks, a position echoed by French and German politicians, who just like their American counterparts, are staging their own opposition to Libra. Normally such high profile opposition should be enough to convince those working on any such project to stop but that has not happened. Apparently, those who see crypto-currencies as a panacea to their predicament do not share the unfounded fears propagated by opponents, and through their adoption of the financial technology, they have signaled to creators and the fringe tech firms supporting cryptos to continue their work. For creators of Bitcoin and other alt-coins, this is all that matters, bringing financial inclusion to a billion plus adults. This success of Bitcoin and alt-coins has not gone unnoticed by bigger players. Facebook and partners\u2019 entry supports the realization that Blockchain backed currencies are inevitable even as they face growing opposition. In particular, Facebook\u2019s Libra actually underlines that the crypto movement is unperturbed by the hostility, more innovation has been happening and more will happen. Libra appears to be an improvement on Bitcoin in many ways. To illustrate, we examine how Bitcoin and Libra approach the Byzantine General Problem. While both Bitcoin and Libra are backed by a Blockchain, they do however, approach the consensus issue differently. Bitcoin has been famed for its proof of work consensus approach which ensures that the Blockchain remains temper proof. However, over the years opponents have zeroed in on the excessive energy cost incurred when confirming transactions as one downside of the approach. The proof of work mechanism is effectively a competition\u2014which is energy intensive\u2014used to determine who gets to update the ledger and be rewarded for doing so with new coins and transaction fees. Some have opined that Bitcoin might not scale as a result. In a paper titled \u2018Written Evidence\u2019 published in 2018, the Bank of England remarked that the \u2018widespread use of a non-sterling crypto-asset within the UK could impair the Bank\u2019s influence over monetary stability.\u2019 However, the bank was confident this would not happen now because pioneering crypto-currencies like Bitcoin face significant capacity constraints and so cannot handle the payment volumes required. For example, every day in the UK, more than 30 million electronic payments are made through Bacs and Faster Payments. In contrast, Bitcoin\u2019s global peak capacity is around 0.6 million transactions per day. Thus the Bank of England believes that no decentralized crypto-currency platform is currently capable of handling more than a fraction of the UK\u2019s payment needs. Furthermore, these capacity constraints can result in high cost of transactions. When demand for crypto-currency payments exceeds the capacity of the network, users must offer higher fees to ensure that their transaction is at the front of the queue of payments. In December 2017, when demand for the Bitcoin platform was highest, average fees peaked at nearly $60 per transaction, whilst tens of thousands of lower-fee transactions sat pending for hours at a time. Now seemingly taking a cue from this observation, the Libra whitepaper explains that its upcoming token will use the Libra Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) consensus protocol, which is designed to function correctly even if some validator nodes \u2014 up to one-third of the network \u2014 are compromised or fail. According to the paper, this class of consensus protocols also enables high transaction throughput, low latency, and a more energy-efficient approach to consensus than proof of work used Bitcoin. So the Bank of England might have to prepare for the worst case scenario eventually as upcoming token will improve on the flaws of current cryptos. For Libra the story does not end there. The whitepaper adds, \u201cIn order to securely store transactions, data on the Libra Blockchain is protected by Merkle trees, a data structure used by other Blockchains that enables the detection of any changes to existing data. Unlike other Blockchains, which view the Blockchain as a collection of blocks of transactions, the Libra Blockchain is a single data structure that records the history of transactions and states over time. This implementation simplifies the work of applications accessing the Blockchain, allowing them to read any data from any point in time and verify the integrity of that data using a unified framework.\u201d Of course, the Libra project is untested yet and as such some of these claims may not be as straightforward in actual practice. Barring unforeseen events, Libra is scheduled for launch in 2020 and only then we will see how the Libra works in practice. However, what we can tell for certain is that Libra will be a fresh attempt to solve the problems outlined at the onset of this piece. It is further testament that innovation only responds to viable user needs and not threats and as we have seen with Bitcoin creators who anticipated opposition, hostility will not kill a useful product. Creators will respond to intimidation and threats with a modified innovation to make it impossible for any one regulator to stop it. Facebook and Libra partners who include venture capitalists, payments firms and non-profit organizations, have so far indicated a willingness to dialogue to ensure all stakeholders\u2019 interests or concerns are addressed before a roll out of the token. Progressive authorities should reciprocate in order to lay the foundation for an outcome that will be acceptable to everyone. Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, twitter @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. News Flagging ICO scams Terence Zimwara The concept of an initial coin offering (ICO) is not entirely a new phenomenon; in fact it is a borrowed one. ICOs are any attempt to replicate an initial public offering (IPOs), a renowned capital raising practice which has been widely used by businesses and corporations for decades. As the name suggests, this process enables privately owned businesses to fund new developments as well as the expansion of their present operations with capital raised from the public. In the case of IPOs however, a regulating entity\u2014 often a securities and exchange regulator\u2014will issue guidelines on how this process is consummated. For instance, the company seeking capital would have to produce a document called a prospectus. It is that document which typically lays out the responsibilities and expectations of those participating in any such fundraising. IPOs generally come with many such safeguards in case something goes wrong but the same cannot be said of how ICOs have been handled in the not so distant past. Apparently ICOs were so simple to set up, anyone with basic IT skills could figure out a way to create a token along with a website and whitepaper to support the coin offering. There were neither a regulator overseeing this nor were there any legal remedies available to participants in case something went wrong. Whitepaper factor Jelle Rijnink, a fintech expert with Aurus, a crypto start-up explains that a whitepaper\u2014apparently the equivalent of a prospectus\u2014 would nominally outline the project\u2019s objectives and how these would be achieved. In reality however, this whitepaper would turn out to be nothing more but part of a well orchestrated scam. The lax ICO atmosphere at the time encouraged a lot of innovation which in turn induced countless yet very ambitious projects to go public. Such ICOs went on to generate millions of dollars in funding for new projects with 2018 offerings alone raising approximately $20 billion. Indeed many great projects that are functional today were born from such ICOs but it is also safe to say that the majority have since failed. It is such failings that have led to widespread negative media coverage and this subsequently invited increased scrutiny from regulatory and consumer protection bodies. For instance, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of the United Kingdom notes these problems in a consultation paper that was released earlier this year. According to the consultation paper, \u201c2018 saw a significant reduction in the amount of capital raised in ICOs compared to the 2017 amount. Global ICO funding was $65m in the month of November 2018, compared to over $823m in the month of November 2017.There are a number of reasons for this fall, with (some) commentators identifying investor caution as a response to the large amount of fraudulent ICOs as well as a high failure rate of new enterprises that use the ICO process. This can also lead to ICOs missing their target collections. The underlying volatility of cryptoassets used may also be an issue as they are used, in many cases, for payments in ICOs.\u201d In light of this, the FCA is now proposing regulations that would guide future ICOs and help curb fraudulent coin offerings at least in UK territories. There is no doubt other regulatory bodies and consumer rights watchdogs around the world will make similar undertakings. But exactly what caused many bad actors use ICOs as a way to dupe unsuspecting investors? Well the fear of missing out (FOMO) plays a part but it could also be the way the process was carried out that invited criminal elements. Rinjink attributed the high ICO failure or fraud rates to a combination of three main factors namely; The ease of starting the coin offering process Anonymity of the process Lack of regulatory oversight created an opportunity for scammers and money grabbing schemes to emerge. Apparently it was just too easy not to fulfill the promised deliverables and walk away with the funds without being made liable. There is/was no deterrent! Indeed many masterminds of fraudulent ICO projects which came with flashy websites and well put together whitepapers, managed to raise millions of dollars and disappeared. Meanwhile, the FCA also concurs with Rinjink\u2019s earlier assertion concerning whitepapers. In its guidance, the FCA notes that the whitepaper, which typically accompany ICOs, is not standardized, and often feature exaggerated or misleading information. Given this lack of clear information, it is logical to conclude that investors/consumers may not understand that many of these projects are high-risk and at an early stage. Put differently, it means the risk profile of most of the capital seeking projects may not suit the risk tolerance, financial sophistication or financial resources of the investors. FCA has since concluded that regulation of ICOs is an inevitable but necessary response to the problem. It remains to be seen how such regulations will be enforced given the disparate and fragmented regulatory approach to the issue. Others have largely ignored the problem while others have been quick to respond. So it could well happen that a capital seeking crypto start- up, which may be domiciled in an unregulated environment, can actually invite investors including those from a regulated environment to participate in an ICO. This leaves the supposedly protected investors vulnerable to fraudsters and not to mention that they is no legal recourse or compensation in case such an ICO fails. Therefore this means even today investors still face the risk of being lured to scams and as such, it will be wise for potential participants in ICOs or anything similar to know the signs of a potential fraudulent coin offering. So how do you determine that an ICO is potentially fraudulent? There are a number of key signs to look out for and below we list and expand on some of the usual signs; Too good to be true\u2014as the sayings goes, if something is too good to be true then it probably is. Any investment has a potential to earn healthy returns for investors and equally, any such investment has an element of risk, an investor can lose everything. So when an ICO promises big on returns but is completely silent on the downside, there is a potential problem and investors need to approach this kind of ICO with caution. Usually a higher return means a higher risk. If you are however less risk averse, then murky ICOs could be the thing for you. Always remember there is no free lunch anything that promises surreal returns could otherwise be a scam. Depth of the whitepaper\u2014the whitepaper is the equivalent of a prospectus that crypto businesses seeking funding from the public usually issue out. The difference however is that with prospectus there are set standards, if such a document fails to meet expectations, it will not be sanctioned for distribution to the public by regulators. At the moment there seems to be no such standards when it comes to ICO whitepapers, all that is needed is a website to host the paper. In addition, the information contained in many whitepapers inconclusive, even Facebook\u2019s Libra has been attacked for being scant when it comes to providing vital information. An informative whitepaper must have in-depth details of the ICO process, the objectives of the fund raising and the background of those behind but without exaggerations. A potential investor could well use the services of an experienced crypto advisor to give an opinion about an ICO based on the information from gleaned from a whitepaper. Nevertheless, a novice investor will still be able to unmask outright exaggerations on issues like the professional experience of the proposed project\u2019s key drivers. Crypto-currencies have been around for about 10 years now, therefore it stands to reason that all professionals in this field cannot have years of experience that exceeds ten years. Therefore when a chief executive officer in his mid 20s tells potential investors that he has more than 10 years experience, that could be the clearest sign of a potentially fraudulent ICO! No cap on maximum funds to be raised\u2014dubious ICOs will not state the exact amount that needs to be raised, it is an open ended exercise. A document that essentially invites members of the public to participate in any fund raising activity must clearly state how much needs to be raised, the period of the fundraising exercise and to finance what? Transparency or lack thereof on this aspect will be essential in determining if an ICO is genuine or not. Current project status\u2014as explained earlier, an IPO has been used by businesses that are seeking to raise capital from the public for the first time. The funding is usually needed to augment capital of an existing business. So this means potential investors can seek clues and a better understanding of what they are getting into by examining the existing business. The prospectus usually contains historical information about the existing. It stands to reason that a similar principle need be to applied to ICOs. A whitepaper should have this kind of information available, there must be something happening already that investors can look at in order to get a feel of the business that they are about to invest in. Whitepaper that has in-depth details of the business\u2019 history will undoubtedly enhance the credibility of the ICO exercise. Core team\u2014these are the actual brains behind the project that needs the funding. An IPO prospectus usually is accompanied by names of the management team, the identity of directors and the shareholding structure. A prospectus will go as far as publishing pictures of the managerial personnel, the residential addresses of directors as well the capital seeking company\u2019s physical and contact addresses. This enhances the credibility of the process, potential investors know who they are funding and where they can find them. Whitepapers are not standardized yet but any start-up that wants to endear itself with investors can borrow a leaf from IPOs. At the same time, a shrewd investor should avoid investing in a faceless organization that only lists mobile phones as contact information! Overhyped projects\u2014it may be natural for a capital seeking business to project success but that should fall inside parameters of what may be deemed reasonable. Overhyping means the revenue or profit projections maybe unrealistic when contrasted the present usage of cryptos in general. An overhyped project could potentially be the signal that an ICO is really a Ponzi scheme or a scam. There is no denying that all crypto-currencies face challenges that make the achievement of core objectives impossible, at least in the short term. So it should concern investors when a start-up promises a quick turnaround in a market that everyone agrees is far from reaching its full potential. There are many more sources of information and diligent investors must always do more to get enough before committing to invest. Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. News WANT TO JOIN AN ICO? HERE\u2019S WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW Many cryptocurrency investors are getting their feet wet by opening an account on a cryptocurrency exchange, funding their account, and buying some Bitcoin. Others are branching out and buying other coins to hold alongside Bitcoin. Then you have investors looking for ICOs to purchase coins before they hit the publicly traded markets. If you\u2019ve been hearing the ICO buzzword around blockchain and cryptocurrency communities, and you\u2019re keen to learn more, you\u2019ve come to the right place. Anyone interested in joining an ICO should read our guide to understand the landscape around these investment opportunities. \u00c2\u00a0 WHAT IS AN ICO? To start, ICO stands for Initial Coin Offering. Many investors make the common comparison to an Initial Public Offering, or IPO, with a company\u2019s stock. This is when investors can first publicly purchase shares of stock. An ICO is similar where it\u2019s the first public offering to purchase coins for their blockchain project. Blockchain projects typically use an ICO as a fund-raising technique, selling coins or tokens for funds to devote towards furthering the company or project. There are often private sales that precede a public ICO, but the initial coin offering represents the general public\u2019s first opportunity to purchase the coin or token from the blockchain company. WHAT ARE THE POTENTIAL ADVANTAGES TO AN ICO? So why would an investor be drawn to investing in a blockchain project\u2019s ICO? The chief advantage is the same as being an early investor in any company or business project. The objective is that the company or blockchain project is going to use those funds to grow and make the company and/or coin more valuable in the future. Investors participating in an ICO are purchasing coins before they hit the public exchanges. Once a coin reaches an exchange, the trading volume rises. If the coin makes its way onto a large exchange with large amounts of investors, traders and volume, new investor funds can easily move into the coin and push the price up. The advantage for ICO investors is the potential upside of the coin once it hits a bigger exchange and attracts tons of other investors.\u00c2\u00a0\u00c2\u00a0 WHAT\u2019S THE PROCESS FOR INVESTING IN AN ICO? The specific process for investing in an ICO depends on the particular ICO. Each handles the process slightly differently. But let\u2019s take a look at a common example of an ICO for an ERC20 token, which is a blockchain and token built on the Ethereum network. These ICOs accept Ethereum coins (ETH) as payment for their native, ICO coins, and they typically accept payment to a publicly available Ethereum wallet address. Investors send\u00c2\u00a0their ETH\u00c2\u00a0tokens they wish to invest to the ICO\u2019s wallet address. Each ICO has their specific way of confirming payment receipt, but you can expect to provide your email and receive an email confirmation acknowledging receipt of your contribution. When sending your ETH investment, you also specify the destination address for them to send the ICO tokens. Once they release the tokens to ICO investors, they will send them to the address that you provided. It\u2019s important to note that chances are you won\u2019t be receiving your tokens immediately after your ETH payment. Often times, ICOs run for several weeks or a month, and they will distribute tokens once the ICO public sale is closed. They will also usually disclaim that you might not receive tokens for up to 30 days or a specific date. Investors participating in ERC20 token ICOs often use an online wallet like MyEtherWallet to send ETH and receive ICO tokens. MyEtherWallet supports all ERC20 tokens, so you will be able to accept tokens from an ICO built on the Ethereum network easily through your MyEtherWallet. WHAT SHOULD YOU DO BEFORE JOINING AN ICO? Before joining an ICO, you need to do your due diligence and research on the blockchain project you are investing in. Because purchasing ICO coins is similar to buying stocks of a company, you want to perform the same standard of research (and probably more given the risky nature of\u00c2\u00a0ICOs). You want to make sure the ICO you\u2019re investing in has a viable project, experienced development team, good reputation, understandable business model, and of course, growth potential. There are various ways to do research online by finding the ICO\u2019s website and searching for information through search engines and forums. But starting with the ICO\u2019s website, a legitimate project is probably going to have a well laid out website. There you will want to find the team behind the ICO, especially the development team. The vast majority of real investable projects will be transparent around their internal and development team, commonly having them displayed on the website along with bios, credentials and social media profile links. If the ICO team is anonymous, this is a major red flag. Searching through forums and cryptocurrency communities (like BitcoinTalk) is another great way to find other sources of information about an ICO. There are plenty of other potential investors that have done their research on the project and are open to sharing their thoughts, ideas, and concerns. For some\u00c2\u00a0ICOs, you might find members of the team active and\u00c2\u00a0sharing\u00c2\u00a0up-to-date information about the project and its development. Plenty of community members also play devil\u2019s advocate in popular forums and raise pressing questions regarding ICOs. With all the skepticism surrounding ICOs, it\u2019s important to have solid answers about how the blockchain project and token are going to succeed. WHAT MAKES AN ICO A GOOD INVESTMENT? So what factors make an ICO perfect for investment? Well, that\u2019s a good question. It relates back to what makes anything a good investment opportunity: risk vs. reward. When investing in cryptocurrencies, you\u2019re definitely anticipating a larger potential return than other traditional investments like stocks or bonds. But at the same time, you know the risk level and volatility of investments are much much higher. So you need to identify ICOs with a solid risk to return ratio after you do your research and analysis. Here are some factors to consider when debating whether the ICO is a good investment for you: What are the potential risks? Is the project a scam? Does the team have the experience and skills to develop the product? Does the team have the marketing abilities to promote the product? Who does the product serve? What are the odds of widespread adoption of the product? What is the team planning to do with the ICO funds? You should be able to understand what the blockchain project or business is proposing and planning to do and what customers they are targeting in order to be an educated and informed investor in any ICO. (If you are brand new to blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, you can review our Bitcoin 101 article here) [link to Bitcoin 101 article] HOW DO YOU FIND OUT ABOUT AN UPCOMING ICO? There are various ways to stay current on upcoming ICOs. Several websites host a list of upcoming and open ICOs, including information for potential investors. Check this list of ICO-listing sites. WHAT ARE THE RISKS OF JOINING AN ICO? Now, this might be the most important section of the guide here. There are tremendous risks to consider when investing in an ICO. ICOs are seen as very, very speculative investments in\u00c2\u00a0digital\u00c2\u00a0currency. Again, it\u2019s similar to startups seeking venture capital in fiat currency to fund the development of their project. Often times there is no product yet, just speculative virtual currency in the case of crypto projects, and the funding is needed for project development. So you have major risks related to the development team\u2019s ability to develop products in a timely manner, or at all. This is why it\u2019s so crucial to have the development team and white papers public and to know who is behind the project and platform, which adds a bit of trust for investors. Occasionally these are open-source projects, in which case it is imperative to do research on who is involved. Of course, there's the risk of the project being an outright scam. With so much interest, securities, and money being raised into the ICO and cryptocurrency space, many bad actors are taking advantage of the trend to create fake blockchain projects and ICOs in order to steal funds from desperate investors. Because cryptocurrency payments allow for a certain amount of anonymity, these bad actors can create scam ICOs and disappear with lots of funds without getting caught. So again, anonymous teams are a typical calling card for scam ICOs. Then you also have the risk of most transactions, and that\u2019s sending funds to the wrong wallet address. If you don\u2019t send your coins to the ICO address, they won\u2019t get the funds and you won\u2019t get any ICO tokens. You also need to ensure you give the correct receipt address so they send the funds to you, and not someone else\u2019s wallet. FINAL THOUGHTS Investing in ICOs is risky business, but could lead to huge returns. It takes a lot of research and\u00c2\u00a0work\u00c2\u00a0to identify the best blockchain projects and ICOs. But if you\u2019re up for the task, you now have the basics to get started. This article was also published on MintDice News Merchants and the quest for wider cryptocurrency adoption Article written by\u00c2\u00a0Terence Zimwara The number of merchants accepting crypto-currencies like Bitcoin as a means of payments remains very low. Apparently merchants are only willing to accept cryptos as payment when there are sufficient numbers of those who wish to pay this way. When that happens however, businesses are likely to even display prices in crypto-currency but it is still a long way before we get to that stage. Meanwhile many potential clients will only use cryptos increasingly as a payment method when there are enough merchants accepting them as means of payment. No one wants to be stuck with a currency that is not widely accepted. In other words, Bitcoin still has to pass the acceptability test even after being around for 10 years. The question then arises; what must come first; merchant adoption or general public adoption? Essentially, the idea is making crypto trade or the conversion to and from fiat money seamless, with little to no involvement of intermediaries. When that is achieved, merchants will be open to accepting crypto-currencies because of the obvious savings they stand to gain. Onus on crypto issuers In the same way a businessman would reject a currency from a country he barely knows that is the same way he will reject crypto-currencies. He does not want to be trapped with a currency that he believes no one in his line of business is willing to accept as a medium of exchange. An understanding of this means crypto-currencies issuers will have to redouble their efforts at finding a solution that allows for this seamless conversion between fiat and crypto-currency. The merchant does not even need to know the complex process of Bitcoin mining or to even download the Blockchain software in order to start accepting cryptos. Their only interest is serving their customers\u2014including those buying with cryptos\u2014well and getting rewarded with a purchase. The onus is on crypto entrepreneurs to proffer solutions that bridge this gap and already there are products on the market that are doing exactly that. Devices like the PundiX Point of Sale machine, which allows for the seamless conversion from Bitcoin to USD, is one potential solution merchants are looking for, if only they are aware of this. PundiX POS allows the swift and secure switch from Bitcoin to USD locally. There is no need to involve crypto exchanges domiciled in foreign countries; everything is done locally over the counter by simply swiping a debit card or through a QR code. So going back to the earlier question, yes it is quite possible for merchants to adopt crypto-currencies first without having to worry about not being able to use these. In fact, a merchant need not understand the complexities of Bitcoin, the POS device does that. The merchant only needs to know how to operate the POS device! When that happens, potential users will be encouraged to accept crypto-currencies thus setting the stage for greater adoption. Meanwhile, a merchant will not be worried about tax evasion concerns because the conversion device can always convert revenues into legal tender when necessary. Apparently this may be another key concern that is slowing crypto adoption by merchants.\u00c2\u00a0 Businesses are wary of possible tax avoidance and evasion allegations or risks should they decide to accept Bitcoin or any crypto-currency for that matter, so a solution like the Pundix POS potentially undercuts such concerns. In countries that do not recognize crypto-currencies as money, government tax agencies will be satisfied as long as they know taxes are settled in legal tender even if crypto-currencies were used in the transactions. Dealing with volatility As is often the case with many other potential users, the price volatility of cryptos is another key challenge for merchants as well. No one wants to trade in a currency that is unstable. Merchants want to be certain of the value they get before a deal is concluded and that the value stays the same after. So when Bitcoin starts the day at USD11 500 but ends it at USD10 900, this is not ideal for a business that has to make payments to suppliers at the end of that day. And unless the merchandise is priced solely in crypto-currency\u2014which is even more complicated\u2014there is little rationale for accepting cryptos as payment in the first place. At least that would be the thinking of businesses that refuse to accept cryptos. Well there is a solution to that too! Today there is a growing list of crypto-currencies or alt coins that address those exact concerns and these are called stablecoin. Bitcoin remains king of crypto-currencies but stablecoins\u2014which are essentially hybrids\u2014have a place in this fight for adoption. As the name suggests, stablecoins are created in such a way that they do not fluctuate widely over a given period because the track the value of an underlying asset. The underlying asset can be a commodity or a basket of fiat currencies. True to form, stablecoins like the USD Tether have demonstrated this ability to remain stable; the Tether has maintained a value which is more or less equal to US$1 throughout its lifetime. Using such a crypto-currency eliminates the volatility risk thus making wider acceptance a real possibility. The upcoming Libra token looks to be a potential game changer but it has to pass the present test, politicians and regulators are a staging a sustained resistance. Of course there are more advantages to those accepting crypto-currency as payment but ignorance as well as hostility by regulators are stopping potential users from realizing these advantages. Nevertheless, as more people get disillusioned with the fiat currency system, it is imperative for those working to promote the use of alternative forms of money to regularly repeat this message. Crypto payments are prompt and the transactions fees are significantly lower because there are fewer middlemen or intermediaries involved, if any. Crypto-currencies are usually not subject to exchange control regulations or a particular monetary policy as is the case with fiat money. A business organization can make cross border payments or receive payments from abroad without worrying about the foreign exchange control rules and regulations. Usually such rules compel recipients of payments from abroad to surrender a portion or the entire proceeds at an uneconomic exchange rate. For businesses operating in economically weak countries, an adoption of cryptos means this so-called foreign exchange risk is eliminated. Cryptos are not affected by local inflation trends hence they are a good store of value. An understanding such advantages means more merchants will start accepting cryptos as payment because they know at the end of the day, they will be able to convert all revenues\u2014using innovative devices\u2014into a currency that governments recognize. There is zero tax evasion allegation risk, there is zero exchange rate risk and more importantly, there is zero entrapment risk! Terence Zimwara is a crypto-currency enthusiast, author, analyst and an advocate for alternative money based in Zimbabwe. The limitations and failure of fiat currencies in his country, Zimbabwe and in many poor African countries has made the case for crypto-currencies and Terence writes articles to highlight this to the rest of the world. He has contributed articles in local and global media well as via his blog temra-temra.blogspot. You can contact him via email tem2ra@gmail.com, Whatsapp 263 771 799 901, @tem2ra , Linkedin and Facebook. \u00c2\u00a0 News How To Start A Crypto Investment Journey and Make Profits Crypto market is growing with high pace and is becoming an attractive investment platform. These days, many people are looking forward to investing in digital currencies which yield high profits. But since it is an ever-fluctuating market, it may end up giving you a bad experience. So here, we are highlighting some important points and strategies that should be kept in mind before investing in crypto coin and while being on the crypto journey. Points To Be Considered Before Investing In Cryptocurrency Comprehensive Research Comprehensive research on the crypto market before investing in crypto helps in cracking profitable deal. Make sure to choose a currency that uses reliable and credible use of exchanges and wallets. The tip here is, to begin with, the safest currency followed by diversification. Analyse The History of Crypto Market Crypto Market is active 24X7, but prices generally change in the morning hours. Sometimes it elevates enormously, sometimes it takes a big downturn and sometimes it remains stable for many months. Investing in crypto after analysing history makes your investment future-oriented and safe. Understand the Volatility of Market Before investing in cryptocurrency, understand that the crypto market is highly volatile. It will help you make better decisions, be emotionally stable and prepare you for future risks. If you are ready to relinquish 80 to 100% of your investment than only you should move ahead. Reasonable Approach A conservative approach will let you invest moderately. This will restrict your crypto investments to 1-4% of your capital, spared for investment, and buy-ins to the limit not exceeding 10% of that. Trade With Mind, Not Emotions Use your mind and data to choose a cryptocurrency. Your gut feelings and intuitions may not work here, but your rational decisions may help you save your hard-earned money. Begin small Begin with investing a small amount of money. Increase the investments once you start earning profits. Don't make a mistake to invest everything you have in the volatile market. Comply with the tax regulations Before investing in cryptocurrency, go through the applicable tax rules and regulations. Step ahead towards investment only when you are sure that you can comply with the prevailing norms of government. Strategies To Invest In Crypto Market Buy Low, Sell High Buy at low prices and then foresee to sell when prices elevate. If you can\u2019t give 24/7 attention to the ever-changing crypto markets, aim to trade with only a small percent of your entire investable funds in buying a coin when the prices are low, keep them and sell them ASAP price reaches higher. Trade crypto-to-crypto Crypto-to-crypto has an advantage of relinquishing in crypto when you try to increase your stock of a particular cryptocurrency. It can save you from complicated situations that can make you skip good chances. Begin with an average position and then HODL Averaging in and HODLing is the best strategy for fresh investors as well as for a more risk more reward asset like Bitcoin, Ethereum, DogeCoin, Titan Coin, Beetle Coin, etc. Slowing entering and withdrawing positions over the time-period let you alleviate risk when you make investments. Say \u201cNo\u201d to Go all-in Don't make a mistake to put in all your investment funds at risk as it may end up with the disappearance of all your wealth without any choices except nullifying loses or waiting. Written by\u00c2\u00a0Amit Gupta News COINS, TOKENS, AND ALTCOINS: WHAT\u2019S THE DIFFERENCE? The different terms thrown around the cryptocurrency world have drummed up a lot of confusion. What\u2019s the difference between a crypto coin and a crypto token? What is an altcoin and why are they referred to as cryptocurrencies? In many ways, the cryptocurrency industry is still in its infancy, and that\u2019s led to terminology developing and taking hold as the sector evolves. This can still be intimidating for some people interested in the market who are left feeling like they can\u2019t even understand the terms. Don\u2019t worry, we\u2019ll clear up the confusion and explain the key nuances behind these virtual currencies. It\u2019s really not as complicated as you think. BASICS: CRYPTOCURRENCY Before getting too far, let\u2019s lay the foundation for a working definition of cryptocurrency. When people use cryptocurrency as a broad term, it\u2019s referring to a digital currency or virtual currencies that are securely encrypted using cryptographic features.\u00c2\u00a0Bitcoin\u00c2\u00a0gained its popularity as the first decentralized cryptocurrency through the use of blockchain technology to create a permanent public ledger for transactions. Bitcoin started the trend of cryptocurrency, or digital currency, developed using a blockchain. It didn\u2019t take too long for others to see the potential and leverage Bitcoin\u2019s open source software to create a growing ecosystem of \u2018cryptocurrencies.\u2019 The actual term cryptocurrency to describe all of the coins and tokens that followed Bitcoin has become quite a misnomer. Many of the so-called cryptocurrencies in the market aren\u2019t actually currencies\u00c2\u00a0but have value by serving some other function or purpose. More on the different types of tokens below. WHAT IS AN ALTCOIN? The term altcoin, or altcoins, basically stands for\u00c2\u00a0alternative\u00c2\u00a0cryptocurrency. Bitcoin really stands alone as the first cryptocurrency, and any coins or tokens that came after were simply alternative currencies to Bitcoin, hence the term altcoins. When anyone refers to the entire cryptocurrency market outside Bitcoin, they say altcoins. Most altcoins are just a fork or variant of Bitcoin and the open source software supporting its blockchain. Development teams saw ways to improve the blockchain technology behind Bitcoin and changed protocols in the underlying software code. So the result is a new coin with a different set of features. Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Dash are all examples of altcoins stemming from Bitcoin\u2019s software. Other altcoins were created without using Bitcoin\u2019s open source protocol. Instead, the developers created brand new blockchain protocols to support the resulting cryptocurrency. Ethereum is the prime example of the blockchain 2.0 concept. COIN VS. TOKEN The whole coin vs. token debate comes down to a matter of functionality and form. A crypto coin usually means it\u2019s a true cryptocurrency and is meant to be used as a form of payment where a crypto token usually has more functionality behind it. Crypto Coin The purpose of a coin is to represent a form of currency and act as money for transactions. True currency serves as a medium of exchange, store of value, and unit of account. Right now, Bitcoin is the best representation of that in the cryptocurrency markets. Other cryptocurrencies are often priced relative to Bitcoin, and many people switch over to Bitcoin when markets tumble because it\u2019s been a reliable store of value. Blockchain Tokens Crypto tokens are really meant to serve the blockchain, and they represent a particular asset. Tokens are often built on top of another blockchain. One common example is the Ethereum blockchain. Other tokens are allowed to be created and use the Ethereum blockchain to host their token network. Overall, tokens have innate functionality because they represent a\u00c2\u00a0tradable and exchangeable asset. This can be anything from airline credits, to commodities, to other cryptocurrencies. Tokens can also offer additional value for investors past increased returns and a form of currency. One old example would be Google\u2019s AdWords. It would have been really lucrative to buy a bunch of AdWords back in the early 2000\u2019s because you could run an incredibly effective and cheap marketing campaign compared to today\u2019s prices. That same theory applies to a majority of the tokens trading on the cryptocurrency markets. The tokens serve some purpose and can bring holders and investors value when products and services are developed going forward. Many times, investors will get extra value if they hold over a certain amount of tokens. For example, some blockchain networks reward nodes that hold over 1,000 of their tokens by granting them voting rights in project decisions. HOW ARE TOKENS CREATED AND DISTRIBUTED? Tokens are usually generated and distributed to the public markets through an Initial Coin Offering (ICO). ICOs are a form of crowdfunding to raise money supporting the blockchain project and rewarding backers with tokens to ultimately use on the network. Many think of an ICO as a type of IPO when stocks go public, but it\u2019s more like a Regulation A+ raise because the tokens aren\u2019t on an official exchange yet for public trading. ICOs can be a fun interesting way to identify new and upcoming blockchain and cryptocurrency projects. WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF TOKENS? We mentioned briefly above that tokens can represent various types of different assets and functionalities. Here\u2019s a high-level breakdown of various functions for tokens on a blockchain network: Tokens can be used as a payment system between participants on the network, buyers, and sellers on the platform. Tokens can represent a digital asset, or a digital right, like a right to funds in escrow Tokens can be used as a means for accounting, for example, the volume of uploads on a torrent service Tokens can represent a piece of equity for a new company or business Tokens can represent loyalty points for a particular business, like airline miles that serve as credits for future flights. FINAL THOUGHTS So you can see there are minor differences between the technicalities of the various terms coin, token,\u00c2\u00a0and\u00c2\u00a0altcoin. Many people don\u2019t even understand the nuances and use the terms interchangeably. For the most part, Bitcoin has become a household name and people call it out as its own cryptocurrency. But otherwise, the blanket term for the rest of the cryptos is simply altcoins. As the nuances between tokens and currencies start to develop and take place, there will probably be new distinctions drawn. But for now, don\u2019t worry when people use various terms. Cryptocurrency still represents the entire tokenized industry and using either coin or token terms\u00c2\u00a0is\u00c2\u00a0fine. This article was also published on MintDice.com News UK Set the Date for Discussion of Law Regulating Digital Assets and Cryptocurrency Exchanges Activities Bitlish\u00c2\u00a0is pleased to have been invited to join Her Majesty\u2019s Treasury\u2019s (HMT) and Financial Conduct Authority\u2019s (FCA) preliminary discussions in July 2019 concerning the advent of the EU\u2019s 5th Money Laundering Directive (5AMLD). The discussions will focus on how the Government plans to apply Anti-Money Laundering (AML) requirements to the cryptoasset activities including exchanges and leading to a possible supervisory regime. Bitlish\u2019s MLRO, Christine Drabble, along with other leading industry experts and policymakers, will participate in the discussions on implementation, potential FCA fee structure and how it may apply. Bitlish\u00c2\u00a0is working closely with industry partners and regulators in the best interests of our customers to understand and assess how 5AMLD will impact on our business operations. Currently, we are reviewing the guidance of the Financial Action Task Force\u2019s (FATF) global standards for anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism (AML/CFT). Adherence to regulatory obligations is very important to Bitlish as we continue to provide products and services to our global customer base. On 6-7 May in Vienna, FATF held a consultative forum on cryptocurrencies and virtual assets. The forum looked at how countries would be required to draft AML regulations applicable to a broad range of cryptoasset service providers and platforms, and the effectiveness and enforcement of their cryptoasset regulatory frameworks. New recommendations were issued on how regulated cryptoasset businesses should adhere to the existing wire transfer requirements used by banks and other mainstream financial institutions with the goal of providing the same level of information for the recipients of cryptoasset transfers. While\u00c2\u00a0Bitlish\u00c2\u00a0awaits an update from the FATF\u2019s report, the meeting with HMT and FCA will enable us to address these issues based on identified risks facing the cryptoasset sector while upholding the ultimate objectives of regulators. We are excited to be a part of this evolving regulatory landscape whilst ensuring a safe and trusted delivery of our products and services to our global customer base. Bitlish\u00c2\u00a0is a UK registered company with a LEI issued by the London Stock Exchange. The company runs a cryptocurrency exchange platform and multi-cryptocurrency wallet. The exchange provides infrastructure for trading 5 fiat currencies (Pound sterling, Euro, US dollar, Japanese yen, Russian ruble) and 13 cryptocurrencies. Verified customers are able to deposit and withdraw fiat funds in over 100 countries by wire bank transfers, Visa and Mastercard, and 30+ other payment options. Services are available through the main website and a multi cryptocurrency wallet for iOS and Android. News Legislators Support V20 Summit in Response to New FATF Rules Legislators have shown their support for the\u00c2\u00a0V20 Summit\u00c2\u00a0which is set to take place alongside the G20 Leaders Summit in Osaka, Japan, 28 & 29 June 2019. The event will convene G20 representatives, national blockchain associations, the world\u2019s leading Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs) and legislators from jurisdictions to discuss implications and explore possible technical solutions to achieve the desired outcomes of\u00c2\u00a0a new set of recommendations\u00c2\u00a0proposed by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF). \u201cWhat we are hearing from industry is that the new rules may have the opposite effect to which they were intended, effectively forcing crypto transactions off the controlled platforms, which are currently one of the best avenues we have in gaining visibility over financial crime\u201d said ex-FATF President, Roger Wilkins AO and former secretary Australian Department of the Attorney General, who will deliver a keynote speech at the V20 Summit. \u201cAs a former regulator, I recognise how important it is to identify a balanced solution that implements the recommendations of the FATF while also building the opportunity for business,\u201d added Wilkins. While FATF Recommendations are internationally recognised, they are not legally binding. It is up to each jurisdiction to implement the rules into local law. The V20 will explore the role of national jurisdictions in ensuring that regulations impacting on blockchain technology are both effective and balanced. \u201cThe VASP industry recognises the importance of clear regulation in preventing financial crime and mitigating corruption,\u201d said Japanese Congressman Naokazu Takemoto. \u201cJapan has led by example and we are delighted to share our learnings with industry and the international community,\u201d said Takemoto. Japan, the host nation for this year\u2019s G20 Summit, granted its cryptocurrency industry the authority to self-regulate in October 2018. It is the only country in the world to achieve this legislative status. \u201cWe must step together as a group of forward-looking legislators to encourage our national and cross-border interests, as we continue to build the thriving economies of tomorrow,\u201d said Taiwanese Congressman Jason Hsu, who will also speak at the V20 Summit. Nicknamed \u2018The Crypto Congressman\u2019 by Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin for his plans to make Taiwan the world\u2019s next blockchain island and crypto nation, Hsu has called upon other legislative leaders to back the movement. The V20 is hosted by the Singapore Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry Association (ACCESS) and the Australian Digital Commerce Association (ADCA), with the support of the British Blockchain and Frontier Technologies Association (BBFTA), the Korean Blockchain Association (KBCA), the Hong Kong Blockchain Association (HKBA), the FinTech Association of Hong Kong (FTAHK), and in cooperation with Global Digital Finance (GDF). For more information, visit:\u00c2\u00a0https://v20.io/ Email Address ABOUT USOn this website you can find professional information about cryptocurrency, blockchain, ICO reviews, price analysis, trading and mining. Welcome to Coin Info, the platform that brings you the latest cryptocurrency news, trading price analysis, mining tutorials, ICO Reviews, up to date details about Bitcoin and Ethereum and the latest projects built on top of the Blockchain!Founded by a group of entrepreneurs and crypto enthusiasts from all over the world, CoinInfo.News has a global coverage and a team of experts and investors, thus providing the best insights and information about the latest news about Blockchain and Cryptocurrency.Thanks to our experienced marketing team, network of influencers and the quality of our articles, we can help projects currently undergoing their ICO to gain more awareness and further advance towards reaching their goals. You can help develop our project through a donation on our ETH: 0x694b61cb8Fb1186134a4fee194146145B511BDbE Edit with Live CSS Save Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. FOLLOW US ON \u00c2\u00a9 CoinInfo.News | All Rights Reserved 2018", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "coininfo", 
    "Hash": "19F52041CFDBCD019E54AA77AF5BC33B", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://coininfo.news/infographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs/", 
        "https://coininfo.news/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoininfo.news%2Finfographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs%2F", 
        "https://coininfo.news/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoininfo.news%2Finfographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs%2F&format=xml", 
        "https://mrdesigner.org/blockchain-jobs/", 
        "https://plus.google.com/share?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoininfo.news%2Finfographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs%2F", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/cws/share?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoininfo.news%2Finfographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs%2F"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcoininfo.news%2Finfographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs%2F&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjplq2Zh57qAhWNXc0KHR1pDzwQr4kDMAZ6BAgOEAI&usg=AOvVaw35I_kL3d1rTI4bkbRjjQFJ", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of work", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- coininfo", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "[INFOGRAPHIC] HIGHEST PAID BLOCKCHAIN JOBS - Coin Info - Blockchain & Cryptocurrency News", 
    "Url": "https://coininfo.news/infographic-highest-paid-blockchain-jobs/"
}
