{
    "Body": "Tokens BTC3L Amun Bitcoin 3x Daily Long BTC3S Amun Bitcoin 3x Daily Short BTCSHORT Amun Short Bitcoin Token ETH3L Amun Ether 3x Daily Long ETH3S Amun Ether 3x Daily Short Education Company Support Documentation FAQ Trading Platform Digital Asset Tokens Backed by Industry Experts Amun is a leading crypto technology company which aims to make purchasing digital asset tokens accessible, safe, and efficient. Amun EducationWhitepaperFAQ Listed on the top exchanges enabling you to enter and exit positions on the secondary market. How do digital asset tokens work and what are the risks involved?Learn More Smart Trading Engine Why should you trade our digital asset tokens? Daily Rebalancing Each token rebalances daily to ensure constant leverage ratios of the underlying assets are always maintained. Zero Hassle Traders don't have to worry about managing funding rates, borrowing costs or monitoring positions for risks of margin calls. Tradability Our tokens are listed on the leading crypto exchanges making it easier to enter and exit positions on the secondary market. Best Execution Our smart order routing features allows for intended exposure at the lowest trading rates across the digital asset market. Learn More Token Trading Process Trading tokens with Amun in three simple steps. 1 Mint or Burn Tokens Once onboarded onto our trading platform users can mint our tokens by depositing any amount of USDC from their MetaMask wallet. 2 We'll Calculate Your Position Our system is synced with industry-leading lending desks and exchanges to provide real-time calculations and determine the exact amount of exposure for the tokens you are trading. 3 Receive Our Tokens Our smart contracts utilize oracles to read on-chain requests, collect off-chain response data and determine the precise amount of tokens to deposit into your connected MetaMask wallet. Start Trading Frequently Asked Questions Things you should know about trading our tokens. How can I purchase Amun tokens? You can either mint these tokens on our platform or purchase them on the secondary market through exchanges such as Liquid, Bitcoin.com, or HitBTC. What are the benefits of Amun tokens? Our tokens intend to provide a more convenient and cheaper way of obtaining various types of exposures to crypto. The aim of the Tokens is to remove the hassle associated with taking multiple positions via crypto exchanges. For more information on its features, please see our educational section. What are the risks associated with Amun tokens? These tokens may not be suited for the novice user. Before buying, it\u2019s important that you read our articles in the Educational section to fully understand how leverage works, especially in terms of rebalancing and compounding. What are the fees for Amun tokens? There are two categories of fees associated with these tokens For users minting or burning tokens: 0.1% fee associated with every transaction or a 5 USDC minimum For users holding tokens: 0.03% daily fee Is there an investment minimum? There is a $50 minimum required to mint tokens. What is the base currency to purchase Amun Tokens? All transactions for minting and burning on Amun\u2019s platform are in USDC. The base currency in the secondary market varies depending on the exchange. Announcements Amun Updates Subscribe to receive the latest token insights. Subscribe Contact General Inquiries Ticket Support Connect Twitter LinkedIn Telegram Reddit Company Education About Legal Resources Research Support FAQ Language English T????????????rk????????????e ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????? Copyright ???????????? 2020 Amun Limited. All rights reserved. The material contained on this website is for informational purposes only and Amun Limited, and its affiliates, is not soliciting any action based upon such material. The material is not to be construed as an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell a security nor is it to be construed as investment advice. Additionally, the material accessible through this website does not constitute a representation that the investments described herein are suitable or appropriate for any person. Past performance is not an indication of any future performance. For the complete terms and condition, as well as the privacy policy, please see English version. In case of discrepancy, the English version shall prevail.", 
    "CompanyName": "Digital Asset Tokens", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "amun", 
    "Hash": "1F899FFD703AC09A946B151DDC7865F4", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, metamask, wallet, digital asset, smart contract, exchanges, privacy, bitcoin, off-chain", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/amun-crypto-research-analyst/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "bitcoin", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- amun", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Digital Asset Tokens | Amun", 
    "Url": "https://amun.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
