{
    "Body": "Edge Home About Developer API/SDK Blog Support Cryptocurrency Simplified. Under Your Control. Buy, store, trade, dozens of cryptocurrencies. One app. iOS Android Android Direct Download Multi-Asset Support Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many others. Long term or short term, hold your assets safely. Exchange between assets Seamlessly shift between digital currencies/assets on the go. In-app buy, sell and more Exchange your fiat money for the financial assets of the future. Secure, Private, and Easy to Use Cutting edge security, user privacy, and ease of use are at the foundation of everything we build. The Edge Wallet combines these features into one user friendly platform for beginners and experts alike. Securing digital assets doesn\u2019t have to be difficult Managing multiple wallets for multiple assets is hard. Add in complicated backups like long pass phrases, lengthy strings of random letters and numbers, and you\u2019ve got serious usability challenges. Not anymore. Hold all of your assets in one place with Edge\u2014all you need is a username and password. THE OLD WAY Several apps to manage multiple assets Difficult to use backups No auto-sync between devices No forgiveness for user mistakes VS THE EDGE WAY One app for all of your assets Backup with just username and password Seamlessly login using multiple devices Easy, secure access with PIN or Touch ID All of your digital assets in one place Currently supported digital assets by Edge Bitcoin Ethereum Litecoin Monero Ripple/XRP Bitcoin Cash Dash Augur REP Wings Indorse Zcoin Feathercoin DigiByte Vertcoin Bitcoin Gold DAI Stellar Smartcash Groestlcoin Bitcoin SV EOS Dogecoin Qtum Ravencoin eBoost UFO Tezos RSK Binance Chain Anthem Gold Hercules Don't see your favorite currency? Submit a request and we'll add it to our list! Currency* Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. *Please note that submitting request will not guarantee integration Close form Be the first to move when markets do Edge makes it easy to buy, sell, or move between assets. You want to exchange your Bitcoin Cash for Litecoin? No problem. You want to buy Ethereum from your credit card or bank account? No problem. In just a few easy steps, any user can exchange one blockchain asset for another. All of this is done seamlessly inside the Edge Wallet, without a 3rd party ever holding your funds! One app for all your cryptocurrency needs We partner with top blockchain services around the world so users can maximize their assets. In-app buy/sell, mobile top-ups, gift cards, and crypto to crypto exchange, all inside Edge. Security is our foundation, not a feature Many wallet options are compelling, but very few of them have the security track record Edge wallet has. Want to learn more? Download our White Paper. Client-side Encryption Automatic Backup Powerful Security Tools Client-side Encryption Your assets. Your keys. Client-side encryption means all of your data is encrypted on your device before any of your information touches our servers. No server-side hacks, no malware = safe assets. That also means that ????????????Edge as a company does not have access to, nor have any knowledge of your account information. Only you and you alone has access and control of your assets\u2014the way it should be. Private By Default. Edge has a zero-knowledge security architecture meaning we don\u2019t need nor do we want any of your private information. No email, no phone number, no ID or any other personal information is needed to create an account with Edge. Respecting your privacy is a core value in everything we engineer. Automatic Backup Redundant peer-to-peer cloud servers Client-side encryption means all of your data is encrypted on your device before any of your information touches the servers. Once your account and everything in it has been encrypted, we automatically back it up. We can\u2019t access your assets or any other information in any usable form but if anything happens to your device, you can just download the Edge app on a new device, enter your username and password and your assets are right where you left them. Easy and Powerful Security Tools One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication Easily set-up 2-Factor Authentication (2FA) with just a touch of a button. 2FA increases security by only allowing logins from previously logged in devices. Even if a malicious actor got access to your username and password they won\u2019t be able to log-in to your 2FA enabled account. Password Recovery Many of us forget passwords and this can be unforgiving to holders of digital assets. We have set up password recovery with this in mind. Users can set up password recovery for their Edge Wallet with just two questions and an email. We\u2019ve got the important \u201cwhat ifs\u201d covered What if Edge goes out of business? \u2028What will happen to my assets? Even if Edge goes out of business, you have full control over your private key, so your assets are safe in your device. What if I\u2019m a beginner in digital currencies? Is Edge right for me? Edge is a great wallet for beginners! We put a lot of effort into usability, and our support team is always there to help. What happens if Edge\u2019s servers \u2028are hacked? All of your information is encrypted on your device, and only you have the key! So hackers won\u2019t be able to access your data. Security requires transparency Our code is open source and has been vetted by leading security experts including the Open Bitcoin Privacy Project. View our source code Loyal users from Airbitz to Edge Since the launch of our first bitcoin wallet under the name of \"Airbitz\" in 2014, our team has provided exceptional security and digital currency management experience for our users. Here's what some of our loyal users have said about Airbitz. Airbitz is the most simple and secure bitcoin wallet available today. They have excellent customer support, and always have the best interest of the users in mind! Yoel Lapscher The most user friendly mobile Bitcoin wallet app available in the market. Its the only Bitcoin wallet I refer individuals to. Chris Groshong, President at CoinStructive Airbitz is THE best wallet to recommend to new users, and I hook a LOT of new users with their first bitcoin tips and gifts. It's easy and familiar to use and has a look and feel people are used to with other fiat banking apps. Doug Scribner My favorite crypto wallet @EdgeWallet is now officially listed on my website. It is the wallet I recommend to noobs at my meetups, because it's so easy to use and heaps secure. Lots of other good resources there too. Check it out at adrianabelotti.com/blockchain #bitcoin #blockchain Adriana Belotti I just imported an old Airbitz wallet into Edge, and claimed my BCH in 3 touches of my screen. AMAZING user experience, mind blown. Juan Galt For those of you who aren't strictly hardcore $Dash fans, this translates to: best mobile wallet. I have to say, overall, @EdgeSecure wins out. Cheers to @paullinator and the Edge team for edging (lol) out the competition! Joel Valenzuela Just set up my @EdgeSecure wallet in minutes. Fast, easy and user friendly. I encourage others to give it a try. Thanks to @haydentiff for encouraging me to do it. +.1 @xrptipbot. #xrp Token Hodler I've been testing @EdgeSecure mobile multi-asset wallet app on android & I have to say I'm really impressed. 2 thumbs up from me. Mark Mason Download Edge to secure and trade all of your cryptocurrency in one place Edge is avaialble on iOS, Android, and direct Android download iOS Android Get Android Direct Download Are you a developer looking for key management solution? Give your users a familiar and secure key management solution with Edge Security API/SDK. All it takes is five lines of code. Augur Augur is a decentralized application built on the Ethereum blockchain. Augur uses our SDK to offer their users a proven way to secure and manage their private keys as well as an easy way to sign in to the platform. Ember Ember is a non-custodial cryptocurrency hedge fund accessible to everyone. With as little as $100, anyone with a mobile phone can access portfolios previously only accessible to millionaires. Indorse Indorse is a platform to share and validate professional skill sets. Hundreds of experts are ready to pre-screen tech candidates and help save time in the hiring process. Indorse provides insights about candidates\u2019 programming skills and proficiency level. Instead of spending several man-hours and dollars sieving through a barrage of resumes, now you can directly interview those who meet your standards! Herc Hercules decentralized supply chain management software enables users to create a permanent and shared record that provides immutability, and more importantly, trust for the consumer. Join these companies already using Edge Security Learn More about Edge Security Sign up for our newsletter! Email* Getting Started Bitcoin Wallet Monero Wallet Ripple Wallet Ethereum Wallet Litecoin Wallet Dash Wallet Stellar Wallet EOS Wallet Binance Wallet Terms of Service | Privacy Policy", 
    "CompanyName": "Airbitz", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "edge", 
    "Hash": "240135AC4A1E2B7B739D252D893E1AD7", 
    "KeyTerms": "financial, android, privacy, rsk, cryptocurrencies, banking, cloud, ethereum, blockchain services, encryption, peer to peer, monero, private keys, litecoin, wallet, digital asset, supply chain, hedge funds, decentralized, cryptocurrency, ripple, stellar, sdk, bitcoin, crypto wallet", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Buy, RU", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://android.edge.app/af=edge.app-?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://apk.edge.app/af=edge.app-?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://ios.edge.app/af=edge.app-?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/edge-bitcoin-blockchain-backend-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- edge", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Edge | Blockchain Wallet and Security Platform", 
    "Url": "https://edge.app/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
