{
    "Body": "Frontend Engineer - Cryptowatch (Remote) Remote / Engineering / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. ????????????Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. ????????????We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! Kraken is one of the largest and most successful bitcoin exchanges in the world and we\u2019re growing faster than ever. We\u2019re looking for people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers, we truly believe our success depends on having both in spades. Join us and the movement to change the way the world thinks about money. Learn more about us: Read our reviews on Glassdoor Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog About the Role This role is fully remote and based in the Americas or Europe. Help us scale Cryptowatch, Kraken's professional charting and trading platform. Cryptowatch has grown organically from a tiny weekend project to a popular, real-time cryptocurrency charting and trading platform which people rely on all over the world. We are seeking talented individuals to help us expand the product in new directions. There's rarely a boring day in crypto, and we're looking for people who want to be part of this exciting ecosystem! Responsibilities Develop efficient and complex user interfaces with React and Redux Migrate existing code from old communication patterns to Redux Maintain a well organized codebase of components Write code that works across current versions of all major browsers Think through edge cases and unexpected user interactions to develop a robust UX Structure pages to optimize for fast load time and efficient API calls Optimize existing code to minimize waste of client resources Collaborate with backend engineers to implement backend requirements for new interfaces Requirements Expertise using React and Redux Experience writing code in ES6 syntaxExperience working with Webpack Experience writing CSS using SASS abstractions Experience using developer tools to debug and profile JavaScript code Experience working with both REST and websocket APIs Ability to independently navigate a large codebase to find logic and debug problems Ability to collaborate with remote employees (developers and designers) A strong candidate will also: Have an eye for visual balance and harmony Be proficient with HTML5 canvas Have experience working with websocket clients and protocol buffers We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of. ???????????? Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "2506A2FCB30CF013A598702157C4FA6A", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, front end, css, digital asset, financial, exchanges, react, remote, full time, javascript, cryptocurrency, back end, webpack, websocket, digital asset exchange, html, sass, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/890e1a31-9364-470d-95cd-a1c84a2f5e80/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/kraken-digital-asset-exchange-frontend-engineer-cryptowatch/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Frontend Engineer - Cryptowatch (Remote)", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/890e1a31-9364-470d-95cd-a1c84a2f5e80?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
