{
    "Body": "CryptoWeekly Home Crypto Companies News Ticker Download Full Report Want to work in crypto? Here are the best places to find your dream job The blockchain/crypto scene has exploded and as mass adoption looms, blockchain jobs are blowing up, providing us with new and exciting employment opportunities that we could never have dreamed of before. While for blockchain and crypto engineers, this technology has been lurking just under the surface for a while, the recent boom into the public sphere has now created a whole umbrella of crypto careers that are no longer limited to coding and infrastructure, but now span the broad spectrum of all walks of business. From crypto content writers to blockchain sales specialists, the world of crypto is inviting in new faces to help push this revolutionary concept into the daylight. As this process gets into full swing, we\u2019re seeing the birth of job sites that collate crypto careers and post them on job boards to help you find a position. While the good old favorites still shine through with their traditional pinboard style, new job-finding tools are embracing the crypto concept to build fancy new blockchain platforms that allow hirers and employees to pay and be paid in cryptocurrencies, while using AI and machine learning to pair people with careers. If you\u2019re looking to break into the crypto scene, take a look at some of these sites. Promoting the many opportunities that now exist, they\u2019re providing a leg up to all kinds of workers hoping to get their claws into the crypto space. CryptoJob Cryptojobs holds Google\u2019s top spot when you search most keywords for finding crypto jobs. It\u2019s an easy to use website which helps connect talent with positions in the blockchain and decentralized applications world. It is free to post a job but they have enterprise upgrades for recruiters looking to complete big hiring campaigns. For talent, subscribing to their newsletter highlights these larger enterprises as well as giving you tips and tricks on how to appear more employable. The aim of Crypto Jobs is to accelerate the process of mass adoption through recruitment. The bottom menu has a nice comprehensive set of quick links which lead you either to specific areas of expertise, such as miners, coding language specifications, and trading; or can link you to jobs in various geographic locations around the world. If you are seeking a job in crypto, you\u2019ll find this to be the most talented and deepest pool of blockchain experts, so there is a little competition. However, it\u2019s simple to upload your resume and start searching straight away, and you can put yourself as public for recruiters to search for you. Crypto Jobs List If you\u2019re looking for a remote job in crypto, Crypto Jobs List is one of the best sites to help you quickly find blockchain positions that allow you to work from home or as a digital nomad. The newsletter is pretty comprehensive and along with the blog, gives you in-depth insights into what recruiters are looking for, the way the job market is flowing, and how you should be presenting yourself to become employable. The blog also provides you with case studies of successful people who have been hired through Crypto Jobs List. It\u2019s very easy to apply on the site, and each job posting comes with a relatively detailed job description, with the compensation highlighted at the bottom of the post. As soon as you hit the landing page, it\u2019s simple to send yourself straight to specific job areas, such as marketing, community, trading, sales, analyst, developer, designer, and even meme specialist. The jobs are very high quality and tend to be long term positions but there aren\u2019t all that many and they do get snapped up quickly. Coinmonks Coinmonks has a very calming feel when you head to the landing page, with their most recent jobs neatly and cleanly organized for you to see a small level of detail about them. Mostly suitable for tech positions, Coinmonks is used for recruitment by some of the more well-known upcoming projects - giving you a little more sense of job security than brand new start-ups. It\u2019s super easy to sign up to the candidate panel and takes just a few minutes, allowing you to put your resume as public along with a description of yourself and a one line headline. The blog and newsletter give you insights into how to get a job and how to become better at the job you\u2019re doing, but you\u2019ll find most content is directed toward building and coding. Jobs are posted quite frequently, but also get snapped up quickly. Most positions are full time but remote. Craigslist Craigslist is an old hand in the job offering business, but it\u2019s actually become quite a prolific place to find crypto and blockchain jobs; this is likely because Craigslist has always shown a penchant for careers in the periphery. You can look for blockchain jobs in your local area or scan pretty much any of the Craigslist sites around the world, as most crypto jobs are remote anyway. You may find it easier just to head straight for the jobs section and search keywords like \u2018blockchain\u2019 and \u2018crypto\u2019, rather than trying to find specific job titles in the marketing or writing sections (for non-tech applicants). That said, you can often find quite a few positions for tech jobs through the \u2018system/network\u2019 sections and \u2018technical support\u2019. Remember that there are no Escrow mechanisms or safeguards through Craigslist, so you need to protect yourself when dealing with clients. Ethlance Ethlance is a unique crypto job site running on the Ethereum blockchain. Like any job marketplace, you can post jobs and also find employment, however all payments are in cryptocurrency. In this sense, unlike other job marketplaces or recruitment agencies, those using the platform don\u2019t have to pay service fees or a cut to Ethlance. While this is a bonus, you do have to pay Ethereum GAS when you change things on the database - it\u2019s only a small amount and it means Ethlance doesn\u2019t have to rent servers to store data, keeping it cheaper overall. You will need to use a Metamask browser to use this tool. Equally, understand that there are no mediation services by Ethlance - you need to protect yourself from fraudulent employment or not getting paid. If you\u2019re new to all this, Ethlance kindly provide you with simple to follow videos showing you how the site works and how to set everything up. You can search by hourly rate, experience level, and employment type (full time, part time etc). You can also search for the ratings of the employer to prevent you getting in a tangle with bad companies. Crypto Recruit Crypto Recruit is one of the nicer looking websites, with a very simple landing page to get you going. You can either choose from the drop down menus for job specifications or you can click on the blocks that lead you to pages to browse certain job areas. They cover a huge range of jobs that other sites do not, such as legal and compliance, HR and recruitment, marketing, customer relations, sales, and finance and accounting. This has a relatively wide spread of tech jobs but is perhaps one of the better resources for those looking for non-tech crypto jobs. The blog is very good and works to help you improve your status as a candidate through practical advice to do with writing resumes, succeeding in interviews, and improving your portfolio. They have a great section for tools and training, which suggest some have links to some recommended wallets, as well as information regarding certain courses that can help you certify yourself. It is a little more difficult to easily find remote positions on the website, as the geographical dropdown menu doesn\u2019t have an option for \u2018remote\u2019 working. Cryptocurrency Jobs This website is more like a job board and doesn\u2019t give you an option to add your resume and build a profile on the website. Instead, you can search the jobs that they have collated or post your own job if you\u2019re looking to hire crypto talent. Very professional looking, the website allows you to get direct information about new jobs by signing up to their newsletter. Alternatively, they post all jobs in chronological order on the homepage. This is quite a new site so they don\u2019t have that many jobs posting very frequently; perhaps one or two a week. The jobs tend to be focused around blockchain research and engineering, but you can click one of the categories at the top to browse the different job sections, including design, engineering, finance, marketing, operations and sales. You can look for a geographically posted job or search for remote positions, using a keyword to narrow your results. The very top menu has a few interesting website sections, such as hand-curated lists of jobs in certain arenas, or jobs all placed together in particular salary brackets. While there is a blog, it doesn\u2019t have much content to help you improve your attractiveness to employers. AngelList AngelList is one of the best places to get a job in the blockchain world, simply because of its popularity and how long it has been on the scene. They currently have over 27,000 blockchain crypto jobs listed which traverse all the arenas of crypto businesses, from analysts to marketers, from developers to accountants.As AngelList is predominantly a site to connect start-ups and companies with funding and investors, this is the go-to place for new crypto companies to explore their options, find advisors, and seek partners. In this sense, they tend to post jobs here first and get their orders fulfilled very quickly. The website has a salary tool which ensures you see the salary upfront for clearer working. You can build a profile on the website, but you apply privately, cutting out middlemen and therefore extra fees. Jobs on this website tend to go very quickly so if you\u2019re interested, you should apply immediately. Overall thought, AngelList is the place you\u2019ll find the most legitimate projects with actual funds behind them to afford high-end staff. Upwork Upwork is not a specific job marketplace for crypto or blockchain - it covers the whole remit of jobs. That said, there has been a huge influx of blockchain jobs on the website recently, and is often the go-to place for hirers to look for short-term freelancers and contract work - such as writing a whitepaper or doing a little coding. For freelancers, this website has all manner of safety mechanisms to ensure that you can\u2019t be taken for a ride, from Escrow holding payments, to mediators, to messaging tools to allow you to communicate on the website. There is even a handy app for you to use the system more easily from your phone. Bear in mind, you will pay for this though, with Upwork taking a hefty fee of around 20%. For those looking for continuous short-term work, Upwork does enable you to build a good portfolio, with a ratings system that helps to validate your credibility as you do the work. You can also analyse the worthiness of your employers from their feedback ratings too. Signing up is easy and you can put together a comprehensive profile, as well as taking some proficiency tests to help employers see your skill levels. It\u2019s important to mention though, that many freelancers have been working on Upwork for a long time, so sometimes it\u2019s hard to get a job without any ratings when you\u2019re up against strong, long-standing competition. CryptoGrind p>CryptoGrind is a job site where you earn Bitcoin for your work. The site offers Bitcoin multi-signature Escrow to give you a level of safety when applying for jobs - meaning you won\u2019t do the work without getting paid. The site is encrypted to the hilt, and it accesses the blockchain directly without hot wallets, keeping everything much safer. The website not only allows users to post jobs and search for employment, it also enables you to advertise your services as a freelancers - a great idea for people with unique skills that can really benefit upcoming companies. The jobs tend to be short term gigs that can take anything from 5 minutes to a week. One major issue is the level of quality control, with a whole bunch of very low paid jobs on the site. It doesn\u2019t take long to sign in, and you can even use Facebook to sign in quickly to browse the jobs before committing to making a full profile. Blockchain Headhunter Blockchain Headhunter tends to specialize in providing executive job searches for enterprise level projects. The team is made up of recruiters who connect leading crypto projects with talent around the world. You can either search and browse on the website for positions, or you can send your resume directly to the team to work with a recruiter who will help to collate a portfolio of positions they think will be suitable for you. When you upload your resume to the system, it appears on a resume database, enabling employers to search for you through the system. The jobs on this website seem to be a lot more focused toward tech positions than anything else, but they do highlight some C-Suite positions. The website has also partnered with Blockchain Training Alliance to offer more blockchain and crypto courses live all over the world. When you sign up to the website, you get a 15% discount on all these courses. Cuyn Pronounced \u2018coin\u2019, Cuyn stands for Crypto Underwrite Your Network. It describes itself as a revolutionary marketplace for jobs in crypto that combines gamification, Bitcoin, and crowd wisdom. Through the process of Bitcoin rewards, the community on the website highlight the best workers for hirers, helping the best candidates come to the top. The applicants on the website are competing with each other to provide employers with the prime candidates for certain jobs, meaning that even if you are a passive candidate, the people within the community can recognise your work and put your forward for a job. By offering bounties to social networks and personal communities, employers can find better candidates while you can simultaneously earn Bitcoin helping them to scan the community while you look for a job by recommending professionals you know in your own networks. Cuyn does charge 20% on all bounties earned, however, which is quite a significant amount. You also have to sign up before you can browse any jobs, which can be annoying as they don\u2019t have many jobs posted all that often yet. YouTeam YouTeam is not necessarily only for crypto jobs but it is specifically for hiring remote developers. There are no jobs that have a physical location and most are only part time positions or contract work. This is a very high end website with an extremely rigorous vetting process to ensure they only have the best developers and engineers on their books. For extremely experienced engineers and developers, this is a website to earn a very good salary, without having to bid low for jobs. This website has been used by quite prolific companies such as Canon, T-Mobile, Nokia, and New Balance, among others. This is not a platform that allows you to search for a job however - you submit your resume and portfolio and are vetted by the company. This website only allows hirers to look for you, which keeps the quality of work and worker high. Backed by YCombinator, this company has really taken off quickly thanks to its guarantee of high quality. Bounties Network Bounties Network is frequented by the real blockchain and crypto evangelists. It is a peer to peer system that sets up bounties for smaller and short term jobs, such as posting on social media or fixing a small piece of code. There is nothing fancy about the dashboard but you can search by keywords to find positions that suit your expertise. Interestingly, for people who want to support the development of certain technologies or agree with the steps that organizations are taking, they can contribute to the bounty, meaning that whoever fulfills it gets paid more. There are some interesting jobs though, which can even work to make social impacts, such as bounties for picking out trash from the ocean! This is not the most effective website for making a lot of money on a regular and stable basis, but it is a good place to keep up to date with some of the conceptual projects and to earn a quick buck with some of your skills on the side. Crypto Job Crypto Job has a very user friendly interface and a business model that encourages paid-for usage by hirers, inciting far more enterprise level jobs. With a definite focus on developer positions and marketing, you\u2019ll find mostly community management or engineer positions on the website. They have positions available all over the world, from Tel Aviv to NYC to London. You can search by keyword, location, experience, and job type to better hone in on more relevant results. There are quite a few jobs offering to only pay in tokens, however, which makes it very difficult if you have no idea of the level of success that the company might have. In this sense, if you\u2019re looking for a project you believe in, this may be where you find it - if you want big bucks, this may not be the place. You can create an account, upload you resume, and complete a profile, making it much easier to apply for jobs. You can also save your favorites to your profile. Latium Latium is a new blockchain startup that helps crypto meet small gigs. Currently the platform is in Beta stage and by signing up, you\u2019re helping them to improve the quality of the service. The idea is less about finding a long-term stable job prospect, and more about earning small rewards for doing very easy tasks. You earn the native token of the site, LATX, and are often tasked with tiny jobs like following someone on Twitter or joining Telegram groups. You\u2019ll find a lot of Telegram airdrops that you can sign up to, as well as new platforms and apps for you to test. If you\u2019re interested in seeing the latest developments in blockchain and want to earn a little money doing it, this is a platform you might like to explore. You can exchange your LATX on the website for Bitcoin. Blockchain Jobseeker This is another very simple job board with a whole list of blockchain positions for you to browse. The interface enables you to select certain specific job sectors, such as marketing, design, development, finance, and management. You can also search for keywords and enter geographical locations. Unfortunately, you can\u2019t search for remote jobs and you have to search for a location, so this isn\u2019t really the website for remote workers or digital nomads. Most of the jobs are tech-based, with very few positions aimed at non-tech workers. Despite being quite simple and new, there are some pretty prominent positions available with some high-profile companies like Coinbase and Kraken. You can sign up to get job alerts sent to your inbox, so you don\u2019t have to keep browsing every few days. Linkedin While Linkedin is an extremely well known professional platform, not many people realize that it has its own job search platform embedded within it. There is even a separate app that you can download for Linkedin jobs. Not specific to blockchain or crypto jobs, Linkedin has a whole range of positions to choose from - it does have a plethora of blockchain positions in quite prolific blockchain companies, and also a myriad of blockchain positions in non-crypto companies. The software embedded within it will recommend jobs to you the more you search and look at positions, which helps you to sift through the thousands of available posts. You can build a portfolio of what you\u2019re looking for and save different searches to quickly look at the same type of position when you return. You can\u2019t search for remote positions however. It is also important to keep your Linkedin profile updated if you\u2019re using this tool/. . Blocktribe Blocktribe is a pretty basic system that allows you to create a profile and search for jobs that meet your specifications. You can browse jobs without signing up, with the ability to search by job title, employment type, salary needs, and location. Currently, they have jobs spread through the US, Europe, and the UK. The website features some relatively high quality crypto companies, such as Coinbase and Gem, while their blog stays up to date with some great advice to improve your employment potential. For hirers, there are paid-for models that encourage enterprise-level companies to sign up to receive resumes straight to their inbox. In this respect, if you have a well-crafted resume and are applying to a lot of jobs, you\u2019re likely to be put forward directly to hirers, leading to a better conversion rate on jobs. Blockew Blockew mostly focuses on hiring for startups in the crypto space, so be prepared to be working for companies that are new and upcoming - usually meaning a little less stability but more flexibility. That said, you will find positions advertised by huge companies like Bitfinex, Facebook, and Block.One. Most of the jobs tend to be geared toward developers and engineers, but there are positions for marketers and community promoters - for writers, they have a great range of technical writing jobs. You can easily search for remote jobs as well as by location, along with job types, titles, and sectors. If you want to know about jobs as they pop on to the website, you can sign up to receive their Twitter alerts. BlockAce Another straightforward job board, BlockAce showcases some pretty influential blockchain and crypto companies on their books, such as Polymath, New Alchemy, Ripple and Cryptokitties. With everything from product management to marketing analysis to data engineering, BlockAce has quite an impressive array of positions on offer. The search options are a little limited, as you can only browse by location and keyword, however you can search for remote jobs. There are links at the bottom of the page that direct you toward educational resources to better education and certify yourself to become more employable, as well as a newsletter you can sign up to for direct access to jobs in your inbox. Coinality Coinality is another very basic job posting website helping to connect people looking for blockchain and crypto jobs, who want to be paid in cryptocurrency. This site is paid-for by donations and therefore tends to have more low level jobs and contract work for freelancers. Despite this, they have advertised over 4000 jobs so far, and have 450 resumes on their books. Similarly to Craigslist, all arrangements are independently made between the buyer and seller of services, without any mediation from Coinality. Unlike other automated sites though, the jobs posted are vetted by human beings who decide if they\u2019re of value to the community before posting them.They also helped organize the Bitcoin Job Fair. Need Data on Crypto Companies? Download the Crypto Company Report \u00e2\u0086\u0092 Home Crypto Companies Crypto100 Crypto250 Crypto Domains Twitter Newsletter Contact Copyright \u00c2\u00a9 2017-2020 CryptoWeekly.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "cryptoweekly", 
    "Hash": "277E1CE1CFFE717CA064248267475233", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://angel.co/cryptocurrency-2/jobs", 
        "https://blockchainjobseeker.com/", 
        "https://crypto-job.com/", 
        "https://crypto.jobs/", 
        "https://cryptojobslist.com/", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcryptoweekly.co%2Fcrypto-jobs&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiO1pblh57qAhVeAp0JHaLcBwE4FBCviQMwE3oECAQQAg&usg=AOvVaw3QuU4MMbleas4ejb3oqEX_", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- cryptoweekly", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Here's where to find a crypto job", 
    "Url": "https://cryptoweekly.co/crypto-jobs"
}
