{
    "Body": "Video Made Possible. Open Source Video Infrastructure Services, Built On the Ethereum Blockchain. For video engineers who need affordable, reliable video encoding, Livepeer leverages decentralization to enable use cases and business models that were never possible via proprietary, centralized cost structures. Signup for the API beta ??????????????????Get Livepeer Token ?????????????????? Peer to peer video services. Incentivized. Livepeer is creating a scalable Platform as a Service for developers who want to add live or on-demand video to their project. We aim to increase reliability of video workflows while reducing the costs to scale them. To achieve this we are building p2p infrastructure that interacts through a marketplace secured by the Ethereum blockchain. To fit the requirements of today's DApp developers we are building Livepeer with these core attributes in mind: Highly Scalable Livepeer\u2019s peer-to-peer network allows you to scale to any size without a single point of failure. It will optimize quality of encoding and performance of delivery. Low Cost Livepeer's peer network aims to reduce the price of transcoding by an order of magnitude over cloud providers, by using crypto-economic incentive mechanisms. Decentralized No single company or individual can control the network. All participants have the ability to shape Livepeer. Read the Beginner's Guide to Livepeer Ready to Jump In? Get started by choosing the option that best describes your interest: Video Developers I am a developer. I want to use Livepeer in my video project. view developer documentation Video Miner I am an infrastructure provider with excess capacity. I want to earn LPT by running transcoding nodes on the peer-to-peer network. Become an orchestrator Contributor I am a developer or contributor to open source technology projects. I want to help build Livepeer. Read the docsExplore the code Participate in the Network as a Tokenholder LEARN HOW THE PROTOCOL WORKS Learn how Livepeer works, what the token is used for, and how you can participate as a tokenholder. GET LIVEPEER TOKEN (LPT) The initial distribution completed on October 2nd, 2018. Community members make LPT available on decentralized exchanges for purchase. STAKE WITH AN ORCHESTRATOR As a tokenholder, you can stake your token with an orcestrator to perform work on your behalf, and earn newly minted token and fees everyday. This grows your total ownership in the network. View the Tokenholder Site Media Livepeer has been under design + development for almost three years. Here are some resources to help you learn more about the project, protocol, and software: Token Summit Doug gives a 6 minute walk through of the Livepeer opportunity, impact, and tech from a high level at the original Token Summit. Streaming Tech Sweden Philipp presents how harnessing idle GPUs in cryptocurrency mining rigs can create a video infrastructure that scales with dramatic price disruptions. Devcon Eric gives a 30 minute technical presentation of how to add a live media layer to the web3 stack at Ethereum's Devcon3. NYC Ethereum Meetup Doug and Eric give a 10 minute presentation at the NYC Ethereum Meetup focused on Media and Cryptocurrency. Who We Are Doug Petkanics Founder, CEO Eric Tang Founder, CTO Philipp Angele Director of Video Product Josh Allmann Senior Software Engineer Yondon Fu Senior Software Engineer Jen Wohlner Senior Product Manager Eli Mallon Senior Software Engineer M. Yahya Software Engineer Adam Soffer Software Engineer Angie Ramirez Software Engineer Ivan Tivonenko Software Engineer Nico Vergauwen Software Engineer Jai Luthra Software Engineer Join Our Team We are a team of seasoned technologists working on a project that has the potential to touch millions of people. The company is based in New York, and we have a distributed team contributing to the project from different locations. The technologies we use include Golang, JavaScript, Solidity, open source video tools like ffmpeg, and smart contract platforms like Ethereum. Join The Movement Livepeer is an open project that believes in open source code and creative contribution from people with diverse interests and skillsets. Hundreds of people have contributed ideas, code, designs, and time to Livepeer. Here are just a few of the faces from our chatroom: Chat with us on DiscordJoin the ForumContribute on Github OR Sign up for email updates Email Address ???????????????????????????????????? 16 Vestry St, Floor 4, New York, NY 10013 contact@livepeer.org Copyright 2018 Livepeer.org ????????????Participation Agreement????????????\u2022????????????Privacy Policy", 
    "CompanyName": "CTO", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "livepeer", 
    "Hash": "2B0E9D977ADD679EB70A0FDD0F32E1A9", 
    "KeyTerms": "github, marketplace, web-3, golang, exchanges, product manager, decentralized, javascript, cloud, cryptocurrency, ethereum, smart contract, peer to peer, gpus, software engineer, solidity", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/livepeer-blockchain-public-network-community-operations-associate/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "ethereum", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- livepeer", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Livepeer", 
    "Url": "https://livepeer.org/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
