{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/ic3-the-initiative-for-cryptocurrencies-contracts-postdoc-cornell-cornelltech-and-ethereum-foundation-research-group/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IC3 - The Initiative For Cryptocurrencies & Contracts",
    "Hash": "2C0E8A6F807289EC848E39A1CCEC9665",
    "Url": "https://www.initc3.org/index.html?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "initc3",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "IC3 The Initiative For CryptoCurrencies & Contracts Home About People Partners Projects Impact Publications Blogs Press Events IC3: Advancing the science and applications of blockchains Home Our Initiative People Partners Projects Impact Publications Blogs Press Events Latest on Blog MAD-HTLC - Because HTLC is Crazy-Cheap to Attack by Itay Tsabary, Matan Yechieli, and Ittay Eyal on June 22, 2020 In this post, we outline the attack and its analysis, and the MAD-HTLC solution. Streamlet: A Simple Textbook Blockchain Protocol by Benjamin Chan and Elaine Shi on May 14, 2020 In this post, we described an extraordinarily simple blockchain protocol called Streamlet. Consensus is a complex problem and has been studied since the 1980s. More recently, blockchain research has spawned many new works aiming for performance and ease-of-implementation. However, simple, understandable protocols remain elusive, and that's where Streamlet comes in. Libra: Succinct Zero-Knowledge Proofs with Optimal Prover Computation by Tiancheng Xie, Jiaheng Zhang, Yupeng Zhang, Charalampos Papamanthou, and Dawn Song on February 12, 2020 at 10:00 AM Libra is a zero-knowledge proof protocol that achieves extremely fast prover time and succinct proof size and verification time. Not only does it have good complexity in terms of asymptotics, but also its actual running time is well within the bounds of enabling realistic applications. It can be applied in areas such as blockchain technology and privacy-preserving smart contracts. It is currently being implemented by Oasis Labs. This blog post is based on a paper authored by Tiancheng Xie, Jiaheng Zhang, Yupeng Zhang, Charalampos Papamanthou and Dawn Song. BDoS: Blockchain Denial of Service by Michael Mirkin, Yan Ji, Jonathan Pang, Ariah Klages-Mundt, Ittay Eyal, and Ari Juels on December 17, 2019 We have discovered a denial-of-service attack on Bitcoin-like blockchains that is much cheaper than previously described attacks. Such blockchains rely on incentives to provide security. We show how an attacker can disrupt those incentives to cause rational miners to stop mining. Just Enough Security for Cryptocurrencies by Itay Tsabary, Alexander Spiegelman, and Ittay Eyal on December 04, 2019 Proof-of-work (PoW) mechanisms secure about 80% of the $250B cryptocurrency market. PoW requires system participants to expend computational resources, and protects the system from attackers who cannot expend resources at an equivalent rate. These systems operate in the permissionless setting and compensate their users with cryptocurrency, having a monetary value. As cryptocurrency prices sore so do the invested resources, and Bitcoin expenditures alone are 0.24% of the global electricity consumption. Arguably, this is superfluous, and lowering the ecological footprint justifies settling for a lower attack threshold. Impossibility of Full Decentralization in Permissionless Blockchains by Yujin Kwon, Jian Liu, Minjeong Kim, Dawn Song, and Yongdae Kim on September 30, 2019 Decentralization is an essential factor the should be inherently considered in the design of blockchain systems. Even though people design systems for good decentralization, in practice, we often observe that blockchain systems are highly centralized. Bitcoin and Ethereum, as representative examples, are already well known to be highly centralized in terms of network and mining. In fact, poor decentralization appears not only in PoW-based coins but also in coins adopting other mechanisms such as proof-of-stake (PoS) and delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS). Older blogs... Events July 26, 2020 -August 1, 2020 IC3 Blockchain Camp Join us for the 5th Annual IC3 Blockchain Camp! Tuesday July 7, 2020 IC3 Webinar: \"Connecting Blockchains to the Real World\" by Fan Zhang Join us for a presentation of \"Connecting Blockchains to the Real World\" by Fan Zhang hosted by IC3. Wednesday March 18, 2020 IC3 NYC Meetup with Arbitrum Hosted by Chainlink Due to concerns for the health of our community, this event is being postponed. Please check back for updates and rescheduling. Tuesday February 18, 2020 IC3 Meetup Hosted by Calibra - With Speakers Dr. Dawn Song and Dr. Sam Blackshear Join us for networking and blockchain research presentations by Dr. Dawn Song from UC Berkeley and IC3, and Dr. Sam Blackshear from Calibra. Friday November 22, 2019 IC3 2019 Fall Retreat IC3 faculty, students, sponsors, and guests gather at IC3 Retreats to discuss the major technical challenges, issues and innovatve solutions to widespread blockchain adoption. More events News June 28, 2020 Cointelegraph: Experts Split on Practical Implications of Quantum Cryptography June 24, 2020 Cointelegraph: New Bill to Outlaw Encryption Without Gov\u2019t Backdoor in US Senate June 19, 2020 FX Street: A Multi-Million Mystery: Likely ETH fee \u2018victim\u2019 steps into spotlight June 19, 2020 Cointelegraph: A Multi-Million Mystery: Likely ETH Fee \u2018Victim\u2019 Steps Into Spotlight June 17, 2020 Our Bitcoin News: Mysterious wallet again sends $ 2.6 million transaction fee More News Featured Projects AIRS: Automated Incentives for Reforestation Stewardship The accelerating effect of global climate change is a major challenge for humanity. One critical component of any comprehensive solution is reforestation. As large and effective carbon sinks, forests are important to both conserve and expand. Our project aims to build infrastructure through blockchain for a performance-based incentive to encourage reforestation in developing countries. For further details, please check out the Projects Page. Keywords: Carbon Sequestration Oracle Smart Contract Geolocation More projects: Libra: A Zero-knowledge Proof System HoneyBadgerBFT: A Practical Asynchronous BFT Protocol Charlotte: Framework for Building Parallel, Interoperable Blockchain Systems VyperFlow: A New Programming Language for Smart Contracts Selfish Mining Re-examined: Revisiting the Selfish Mining Strategy Even more projects... Available Positions Faculty at all IC3 institutions have openings for Ph.D. students. Follow Us Follow @initc3org © 2010 , IC3. All rights reserved.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- initc3"
}