{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://paperchain.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/paperchain-head-of-finance-and-portfolio-management/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Get Paperchain \u2014 the easiest and fastest way for creators to access their streaming revenue..",
    "Hash": "38EC5639E92FCC79FB134A800591B4F1",
    "Url": "https://paperchain.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "paperchain",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Product How it works Benefits About us Request access Faster payments for Paperchain is the fastest way for creators to access their streaming revenue. Learn more We connect to your favorite streaming platforms Our product A better music funding model Connect your data Connect, maintain and control streaming data connections with Paperchain. Connect your payments Integrate your distributor or DSP payments with the Paperchain platform. Get paid Paperchain pays out advanceable revenue immediately to your account. Media consumption has evolved. Payments have not. Paperchain allows labels, artists and creators to advance streaming revenues from the world\u2019s leading streaming services \u2014 up to 90 days faster than current pay-cycles and at a lower cost than existing options. How Paperchain Works Paperchain easily connects to your distribution & payment channels, allowing you to focus on artist success while we handle the payments. 1. Connect your data Once your DSP, distributor or label is integrated with Paperchain, we are able to accurately price and predict your future streaming revenue every 24 hours. 2. Your data becomes an asset Your streaming data from Merlin, Spotify, Apple, and YouTube are turned into digital assets. This is how your data becomes a financial instrument. 3. Choose where to send your money By redirecting your distributor or label payments through Paperchain, we can pay out your streaming revenues immediately. 4. On demand payments Paperchain advances your earned but unpaid streaming revenues directly into your bank account. For any track or release in your catalog. When you need it! 5. That\u2019s it! When we receive the payment from your distributor or label, Paperchain recoups what it already advanced to you. Any money not advanced is automatically paid to your bank account. These brands use Paperchain Why use Paperchain? Grow Faster Get early access to your streaming revenue so you can focus on creation, production and audience building. Get paid as often as every day. Smarter spending Drive the most impact from your campaign and promotional dollar by learning how much streaming revenue each marketing channel generates. Targeted Advances Revenue can be advanced for specific songs, releases or artists. Pinpoint your revenue to optimize catalog investment and performance. Non-credit financing Paperchain is not a credit product. Your credit score does not determine elibibility or cost. Everyone pays the same low fee. Maintain control No need to give up IP or catalog ownership. Labels and artist retain full-ownership of all assets to ensure the value remains with you. As Seen In Ready to get started? Create your account now! Request access Paperchain is the fastest and easiest way for creators to access their streaming revenue. Techstars Blockchain 2019 Product What is Paperchain How it works Benefits Company About Mission Team Careers Press Updates Blog Copyright © Paperchain Inc. 2020 ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- paperchain"
}