{
    "Body": "This app works best with JavaScript enabled. Home ServicesCompanyInsightsCareersContact E-Banking Open an account SEBAX???????????? SEBA Digital Asset Select Index An investable index for the most secure, reliable and tradable crypto assets. The index reduces concentration into single constituents and delivers enhanced diversification. LEARN MORE Dual Currency Certificate on BTC/USD Gain easy access into the cryptocurrency market with an attractive payout and a unique opportunity to apply new investment strategies. Invest with the Dual Currency Certificate - an innovative way to benefit from the volatility of bitcoin. START INVESTING We are SEBA The Bank for the New Economy SEBA is a licensed and supervised Swiss bank providing a seamless, secure and easy-to-use bridge between digital and traditional assets. Secure, trade and manage your crypto currencies, digital assets, and conventional securities all in one place. Open an account Who is seba ?????????????????? SEBA Financial Products Digital Asset Investments Our investment management specializes in digital assets. We enable investors to gain exposure to a new asset class through traditional financial products that are fully embedded in their existing banking setup - now available for purchase at your local bank. Dual Currency Certificate Products?????????????????? Research report A new fair-value model for Bitcoin 02 July, 2020 The estimated value of Bitcoin is 10,670 USD using our new proposed fair-value model. In this edition of The Digital Investor, we propose two valuatio... READ MORE Become an expert in digital finance. Professional courses giving you all the knowledge and tools to advance in the new economy. START LEARNING Begin your educational journey or book an upcoming event. SEBAX???????????? SEBA Digital Asset Select Index An investable index for the most secure, reliable and tradable crypto assets. The index reduces concentration into single constituents and delivers enhanced diversification. LEARN MORE Dual Currency Certificate on BTC/USD Gain easy access into the cryptocurrency market with an attractive payout and a unique opportunity to apply new investment strategies. Invest with the Dual Currency Certificate - an innovative way to benefit from the volatility of bitcoin. START INVESTING We are SEBA The Bank for the New Economy SEBA is a licensed and supervised Swiss bank providing a seamless, secure and easy-to-use bridge between digital and traditional assets. Secure, trade and manage your crypto currencies, digital assets, and conventional securities all in one place. Open an account Who is seba?????????????????? SEBA Financial Products Digital Asset Investments Our investment management specializes in digital assets. We enable investors to gain exposure to a new asset class through traditional financial products that are fully embedded in their existing banking setup - now available for purchase at your local bank. Dual Currency Certificate Products?????????????????? Research report A new fair-value model for Bitcoin 02 July, 2020 The estimated value of Bitcoin is 10,670 USD using our new proposed fair-value model. In this edition of The Digital Investor, we propose two valuatio... READ MORE Become an expert in digital finance. Professional courses giving you all the knowledge and tools to advance in the new economy. START LEARNING Begin your educational journey or book an upcoming event. SEBAX???????????? SEBA Digital Asset Select Index An investable index for the most secure, reliable and tradable crypto assets. The index reduces concentration into single constituents and delivers enhanced diversification. LEARN MORE Who is SEBA for? Professional Investors and Family Offices wanting to invest in new asset classes in a trusted set-up and get access to specialised investment strategies. Banks that are interested in meeting their customers' growing demand for digital assets in a secure framework and accessing opportunities to participate in the new digital financial economy. Asset Managers intending to access new investment possibilities \u2013 through regulated, safe and vertically integrated services including storage, trading and asset management. Swiss Blockchain Companies aiming to hold and manage crypto and fiat currencies in one place as well as tokenize assets according to their needs. Professional Investors and Family Offices \u201cSEBA is founded on very solid principles. The three pillars make a fantastic range \u2013 that\u2019s what makes it exciting.\u201d Daniel Haudenschild Entrepreneur and Investor Banks \u201cSEBA shows that Switzerland can and should be innovative.\u201d Marianne Wildi CEO at Hypothekarbank Lenzburg Asset Managers \u201cOne of the real missing pieces in the crypto ecosystem in Switzerland is a licensed bank such as SEBA.\u201d Marc P. Bernegger Serial Entrepreneur and Board Member, i.a. at Crypto Finance AG and Falcon Private Bank Ltd. Blockchain Companies SEBA wants the [financial] world to change, not just for the sake of changing but to something that works for the future. Mattias Hjelmstedt CEO and Chairman at Utopia Music \u201cSEBA is founded on very solid principles. The three pillars make a fantastic range \u2013 that\u2019s what makes it exciting.\u201d Daniel Haudenschild Entrepreneur and Investor \u201cSEBA shows that Switzerland can and should be innovative.\u201d Marianne Wildi CEO at Hypothekarbank Lenzburg \u201cOne of the real missing pieces in the crypto ecosystem in Switzerland is a licensed bank such as SEBA.\u201d Marc P. Bernegger Serial Entrepreneur and Board Member, i.a. at Crypto Finance AG and Falcon Private Bank Ltd. SEBA wants the [financial] world to change, not just for the sake of changing but to something that works for the future. Mattias Hjelmstedt CEO and Chairman at Utopia Music Your benefits A new secure and integrated access point to the crypto world is now possible. SEBA closes the gap between the digital asset world and traditional banks by providing new standards in safety, performance and transparency. Safety Be assured that your assets are managed and stored in the most protected and trusted environment. As a FINMA licensed and supervised bank, SEBA commits itself to meet and comply with strict regulatory requirements. Our cyber and physical security experts are leveraging new technologies and work with best-in-class service partners to deliver the market's most secure future crypto experience. Show more ?????????????????? Transparency Get one central access point to the new financial economy and experience easy and seamless banking. SEBA emphasises the AND, not the OR. Therefore, we willingly share our knowledge with our ecosystem and work closely with regulators, partners and clients to unify the current fragmented financial market. Show more?????????????????? Performance Be ahead of the curve and benefit from a broader scope combining digital and traditional assets. SEBA wants to create an environment where investors achieve the best financial performance within a controlled risk framework. A team of technology, crypto and banking specialists is constantly striving to create a set-up in which clients can diversify into digital assets with great confidence. Show more?????????????????? Learn More Our Services SEBA wants to inspire confidence and empower people to operate in a combined economy for digital and traditional assets. We provide our clients secure and vertically integrated services covering the entire life cycle of a financial product. Our services include: Digital Custody Services Trading & Credit Platform Client & Investment Solutions Transaction Banking Asset Tokenization Lending Financial Products Learn more Media & Newsroom See all?????????????????? Get the latest insights, perspectives and news about SEBA. We inform you transparently, comprehensively and competently. Research report A new fair-value model for Bitcoin 02 July, 2020 In this edition of The Digital Investor, we propose two valuation models for cryptocurrencies. In the first model, we propose an innovative method to price cryptocurrencies in terms of fiat currency. In the second model, we propose a method to compare the price of two proof-of-work cryptocurrencies according to a no-arbitrage condition (mining parity). Read more?????????????????? Research report A Beginner\u2019s Guide to Blockchain Accounting Standards 25 June, 2020 In this edition of the bridge, we dive into different accounting models of blockchains and how their design goals influence the choice of accounting standard. Read more?????????????????? News release SEBA Bank launches \u201cDual Currency Certificate on Bitcoin/USD\u201d: Benefit from crypto volatility 24 June, 2020 Switzerland\u2019s SEBA Bank launches an innovative investment product that takes advantage of bitcoin\u2019s high volatility.The Dual Currency Certificate on BTC/USD offers easy entry into the cryptocurrency market and an attractive return.The potential loss associated with bitcoin is offset by a yield of 3.23% for a fixed three-week, 2 days term (annualized yield of 44.70%). The certificate is publicly distributed in Switzerland and is available in other countries as a private placement. Read more?????????????????? Stay up to date with all SEBA company news and updates. Subscribe to newsletter Featured in Join us as we redefine finance.Contact us SEBA Bank AG Kolinplatz 15 6300 Zug Switzerland ServicesCompanyNews & InsightsCareersContact ", 
    "CompanyName": "Bank", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "seba", 
    "Hash": "39E3742AA71432733AD7AB4901C4C98C", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, digital asset, financial, parity, asset management, asset tokenization, tokenization, cryptocurrencies, javascript, banking, cryptocurrency, cyber, embedded, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Switzerland", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.seba.swiss/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/seba-crypto-ag-client-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- seba", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "The Bank for the New Economy | SEBA", 
    "Url": "https://www.seba.swiss/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
