{
    "Body": "This app works best with JavaScript enabled. HOME PRODUCTS VISION TEAM BLOG CONTACT Build your digital identity Build, share, and manage your digital identity. Securely build your online profile and reputation. Join now Build your digital identity Build, share, and manage your digital identity. Securely build your online profile and reputation. Join now The Future Will Be Decentralized The Future Will Be Decentralized Vision 1 Improve Financial Inclusion on a Global Scale Digital technology has enabled revolutionary changes, yet billions of people around the world remain unbanked, without access to the fair credit and insurance products that enable a stable economy. 1 Improve Financial Inclusion on a Global Scale Digital technology has enabled revolutionary changes, yet billions of people around the world remain unbanked, without access to the fair credit and insurance products that enable a stable economy. 2 Improve Financial Inclusion through Decentralized Finance Decentralized money has been created, and Blockchain technology can enable Decentralized Finance (DeFi). We hope to make this dream a reality and improve financial inclusion through the creation of permissionless financial services and aid on a global scale. 2 Improve Financial Inclusion through Decentralized Finance Decentralized money has been created, and Blockchain technology can enable Decentralized Finance (DeFi). We hope to make this dream a reality and improve financial inclusion through the creation of permissionless financial services and aid on a global scale. 3 Pushing the Envelope of Blockchain Technology Blockchain technology evolves everyday and we strive to stay on the cutting edge. We experiment fast and constantly ship new features. 3 Pushing the Envelope of Blockchain Technology Blockchain technology evolves everyday and we strive to stay on the cutting edge. We experiment fast and constantly ship new features. Vision 1 Improve Financial Inclusion on a Global Scale Digital technology has enabled revolutionary changes, yet billions of people around the world remain unbanked, without access to the fair credit and insurance products that enable a stable economy. 1 Improve Financial Inclusion on a Global Scale Digital technology has enabled revolutionary changes, yet billions of people around the world remain unbanked, without access to the fair credit and insurance products that enable a stable economy. 2 Improve Financial Inclusion through Decentralized Finance Decentralized money has been created, and Blockchain technology can enable Decentralized Finance (DeFi). We hope to make this dream a reality and improve financial inclusion through the creation of permissionless financial services and aid on a global scale. 2 Improve Financial Inclusion through Decentralized Finance Decentralized money has been created, and Blockchain technology can enable Decentralized Finance (DeFi). We hope to make this dream a reality and improve financial inclusion through the creation of permissionless financial services and aid on a global scale. 3 Pushing the Envelope of Blockchain Technology Blockchain technology evolves everyday and we strive to stay on the cutting edge. We experiment fast and constantly ship new features. 3 Pushing the Envelope of Blockchain Technology Blockchain technology evolves everyday and we strive to stay on the cutting edge. We experiment fast and constantly ship new features. About WeTrust About WeTrust WeTrust is a collaborative savings, lending and insurance platform that is autonomous, agnostic, frictionless, and decentralized. WeTrust utilizes the Ethereum blockchain to create a full-stack alternative financial system that leverages existing social capital and trust networks, eliminating the need for a \u201ctrusted third party\u201d, allowing for lower fees, improved incentive structures, decentralized risks, allowing a greater amount of capital to reside among the participants, and ultimately improving financial inclusion on a global scale. WeTrust is a collaborative savings, lending and insurance platform that is autonomous, agnostic, frictionless, and decentralized. WeTrust utilizes the Ethereum blockchain to create a full-stack alternative financial system that leverages existing social capital and trust networks, eliminating the need for a \u201ctrusted third party\u201d, allowing for lower fees, improved incentive structures, decentralized risks, allowing a greater amount of capital to reside among the participants, and ultimately improving financial inclusion on a global scale. Follow us Get Weekly Updates from WeTrust Get the inside scoop on the latest from WeTrust -- ahead of the public! Subscribe Get Weekly Updates from WeTrust Get the inside scoop on the latest from WeTrust -- ahead of the public! Subscribe Get Weekly Updates from WeTrust Get the inside scoop on the latest from WeTrust -- ahead of the public! Subscribe Read More about WeTrust on our Blog NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago Read more Read More about WeTrust on our Blog NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago NaN seconds ago Read more Media Mentions Media Mentions Media Mentions [email????????????protected] ???????????? WeTrust 2020 Products Social Join our Telegram Community To be more intimately engaged with our activities and get direct responses from the team. Join now [email????????????protected] Products Social Join our Telegram Community To be more intimately engaged with our activities and get direct responses from the team. Join now ???????????? WeTrust 2020", 
    "CompanyName": "Financial Inc", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "wetrust", 
    "Hash": "3D635C7A839993AA76C3610E3576F726", 
    "KeyTerms": "ethereum, financial, defi, decentralized, javascript", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/wetrust-office-administrator/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- wetrust", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "WeTrust - Financial Inclusion through Decentralized Technology", 
    "Url": "https://www.wetrust.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
