{
    "Body": "Careers Careers Akunacademy Hiring Process Campus Events Faqs Team Development Quantitative Trading IT Infrastructure Global Culture Benefits Akuna U Philanthropy Connect FAQs Institutional Trading Careers Careers Akunacademy Hiring Process Campus Events Faqs Team Development Quantitative Trading IT Infrastructure Global Culture Benefits Akuna U Philanthropy Connect FAQs Institutional Trading Work With Us Careers Akunacademy hiring process events Work With Us Careers akunacademy hiring process events Careers akunacademy hiring process events Almost everything we are doing is brand new for Akuna, providing our employees with endless opportunities for individual growth and ownership. Whether it\u2019s market dynamics, mathematical models or new technologies, we are applying new logic that has not previously been used in the company. If you are passionate about innovation, are committed to making a meaningful impact at Akuna and have a desire to win, we invite you to apply for one of our open positions. We provide both internship and full-time positions for students and recent graduates, as well as more advanced roles for experienced talent. Careers Find your fit with Akuna by selecting your exprience level, department and location or view our full listing of jobs. Share These Jobs Copied! Level experience level Intern Junior Experienced All experience levels Level experience level Intern Junior < 2 years Experienced > 2 years All experience levels Department department Business Operations Development IT Infrastructure Quantitative Risk Trading All departments Department department Business Operations Development IT Infrastructure Quantitative Risk Trading All departments Location location Chicago Boston Shanghai Sydney Hong Kong All locations Location location Chicago Boston Shanghai Sydney Hong Kong All locations Search CLEAR SEARCH RESET ALL Loading... Akunacademy Internship Program Each Summer Akuna offers internships across our Trading, Quant and Development teams. Interns who excel in the Akunacademy program have the opportunity to convert their internship into a full time role with Akuna. APPLY DEVELOPMENT INTERNS If you are interested in algorithms, performance engineering, data capture and analysis, trading infrastructure or exchange gateways, you\u2019ll love Akunacademy. QUANT INTERNS Quant internships expose you to the financial markets where you\u2019ll gain experience on anything from identifying and defining significant algorithm improvements, our trading strategies, pricing models, execution logic and performance optimization. TRADING INTERNS No prior trading knowledge is required. At Akunacademy we\u2019ll teach you how to leverage our proprietary technology while implementing a variety of trading strategies. We love bright, math-savvy, competitive and ambitious interns with a strong desire to learn. Hiring Process Development Quant Trading\u2013Options Trading-Quant IT Infra Development Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online coding challenge. The test will be timed and you will be required to take the test in the appropriate language, depending on the role you are applying to. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have a technical phone interview with one of our developers. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online coding challenge. The test will be timed and you will be required to take the test in the appropriate language, depending on the role you are applying to. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have a technical phone interview with one of our developers. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Quant Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online coding challenge. The test will be timed and you will be required to take the test in either Python or C++, depending on what role you are applying to. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have at least one technical phone screen interview with a member from the Quant Trading & Research Team. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online coding challenge. The test will be timed and you will be required to take the test in either Python or C++, depending on what role you are applying to. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have at least one technical phone screen interview with a member from the Quant Trading & Research Team. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Trading\u2013Options Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you two online tests to complete \u2013 the first is a 22-minute mental math test, and the second is a talent assessment to see how you would fit in with our team. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to complete a very short recorded video interview. This gives us a chance to get to know you better and understand your thought process. Step 3 Following the video interview there is a technical phone interview with one of our traders. Step 4 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you two online tests to complete \u2013 the first is a 22-minute mental math test, and the second is a talent assessment to see how you would fit in with our team. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to complete a very short recorded video interview. This gives us a chance to get to know you better and understand your thought process. Step 3 Following the video interview there is a technical phone interview with one of our traders. Step 4 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Trading-Quant Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send two online tests to complete \u2013 the first is a 22-minute mental math test, and the second is a timed coding challenge in Python. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will have two technical phone interviews with members from our Quant Trading & Research team. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send two online tests to complete \u2013 the first is a 22-minute mental math test, and the second is a timed coding challenge in Python. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will have two technical phone interviews with members from our Quant Trading & Research team. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. IT Infra Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online talent assessment to get to know you better and see how you would fit in with the team. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have a technical phone interview with one of our IT Infrastructure team members. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. Step 1 After reviewing your application, we\u2019ll send you an online talent assessment to get to know you better and see how you would fit in with the team. Step 2 If you advance to the next round, you will be invited to have a technical phone interview with one of our IT Infrastructure team members. Step 3 Final round interviews are conducted in person or via video conference and last anywhere from 1 to 4 hours. \"I heard that the industry is very secretive, even within a company, so I was positively surprised that Akuna was so collaborative.\" Intern, Trading \"Everyone is very friendly and helpful and excited about new ideas. I think Akuna clearly works hard to make interns feel welcomed and cared for, which was so important!\" Intern, Development \"The best -part of the internship was going from no options background to trading in the real market in 10 weeks. I was really impressed with the organization of the internship. Our tasks were always clearly defined and engaging.\" Intern, Trading \"I love the Akuna atmosphere; it's relaxed, but at the same time everyone is very focused on improving the company.\" Intern, Trading \"The numerous intern and company activities were great, all of them really helped me feel like I was really with Akuna.\" Intern, Trading \"[As compared to other internships]...interns at Akuna are given way more responsibility than any internship I had before!\" Intern, Development \"I think Akuna clearly works hard to make interns feel welcomed and cared for, which was so important!\" Intern, Development \"I really appreciated that the work we were doing was actually important to the company.\" Intern, Development Events Each year we travel around the world looking for the best and brightest to join the next wave in tech and trading. Find Akuna Capital across campuses in the U.S., Canada or China during the Fall or in Australia during Spring! FAQs General Recruiting Development Quant Trading It infra General What does 'Akuna' mean? Akuna Capital derives its name from Akuna Bay in Australia, where our CEO Andrew spent many weekends cycling and forming the concepts that would guide Akuna Capital\u2019s future. The name Akuna comes from the Aboriginal word meaning \u201cflowing water\u201d; a word that exists in no other language. We also like to draw comparisons to the fact that we provide \u201cliquidity\u201d in the markets and that we are a firm where ideas \u201cflow\u201d freely from every member of the team. What's it like to work at Akuna? At Akuna, we offer boundless opportunities and foster a collaborative workplace with the entrepreneurial spirit that has fueled our rapid growth to date. Akuna\u2019s employees enjoy a generous work-life balance and an extensive array of company-sponsored events and internal clubs. Click here to read more about our Culture. How many people work for Akuna Capital? Akuna currently has more than 350 employees worldwide, including our Chicago headquarters and additional offices in Boston, Sydney, Shanghai and Hong Kong. Why Chicago? Founded in 2011, Akuna Capital opened its doors in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world \u2013 Chicago. Known as the home of proprietary trading, Chicago\u2019s Tech scene is now also rapidly emerging. Chicago is a stunning international city which boasts an extremely competitive cost of living, convenient public transportation and sandy lake beaches. We love it here! In 2016, we built a brand new office for our Chicago Headquarters. Our modern, collaborative workplace has sweeping views of the lakefront and city skyline, break-out areas, writable walls and enough room to continue to grow. I am moving to a new city, what do you do in terms of social activities to help me make friends and discover my new home? We believe it is important to know your co-workers outside of the office, so our employees enjoy an extensive array of company-sponsored events, including our annual sponsored weekend trip, Friday happy hours, and outdoor summer events in and around downtown Chicago. I know Akuna does options market making, what does that mean? Market Making means that we quote prices at which we are willing to both buy and sell options. This means we are providing liquidity to the market and making markets more efficient. To do this across thousands of instruments, we need to continuously develop our trading systems to react to information from the markets and to effectively manage risk. What do you trade & what exchanges are you connected to? Akuna trades options on a wide range of underlyings including Indices, Commodities, Currencies and Treasuries. We trade on a number of US and Asian exchanges including CME, ICE, CFE, CBOE, C2, BATS, EDGX, ISE, Gemini, MIAX Pearl, HKEX, KRX and NOM, and are continuing to expand our trading operations globally. We are also very active in the Cryptocurrency space, trading spot, futures and options on exchanges and OTC, covering all of the major coins. Are you a high frequency trading firm? HFT has many definitions. Akuna is latency-sensitive and looks to utilize the fastest FPGA, software, hardware and connectivity available to execute trades. It is not a pure HFT futures or equities business \u2013 options and their complexity allow for many more strategies than pure latency arbitrage. What distinguishes Akuna Capital from other similar firms? Akuna is one of the very few options market makers to successfully enter the market in the last five years. Our competitors are mature businesses that have access to markets worldwide. We are still building, accessing new markets, trading new products, and creating new strategies, giving you the opportunity to build things from the ground up. What is the career progression like for Juniors at Akuna? It is typical to lose the Junior title after about 2 years and then gain the Senior title 3 years after that. However if your performance is great, the timing can be shorter. You can progress year to year, so even in a non-promotion year, you can still see material growth in responsibility as well as base and bonus compensation. Recruiting How should I apply? If you are passionate about innovation and committed to making a meaningful impact at Akuna, please see our Campus and Experienced roles and apply for those that interest you most. When will you be at my university and how I can pre-register for an event or career fair? A full list of 2020 schools and dates will be coming soon! Do you accept international students/sponsor visas? If you are an International student currently attending a university full time in the US or abroad, your application will be given full consideration. Akuna offers sponsorship to future employees on a case by case basis. We encourage US graduates to apply for post-completion OPT and/or STEM OPT 90 days prior to graduation to avoid delaying employment. How many employees are you hiring this year? In order to maintain our high selection standards, review over 50,000 applications per year to build our Experienced, Junior and Akunacademy classes. As we are still growing and show no signs of slowing down, we are looking to hire as many top tier candidates as we can find. I heard that candidates are asked to complete an online test and/or recorded interview, why do you do this? At Akuna we know that you are more than the contents of your resume. We use various tools (depending on the role) to assess our candidates\u2019 skills and qualifications. For example, trading candidates complete math and personality assessments, whereas Quant and Dev candidates complete a coding challenge. We also occasionally use web interviews, which may seem strange at first, but it gives us the chance to get to know you better and understand your thought process. All of these tools allow us to be as efficient as possible in moving candidates through the process. Development What's it like to work on the Development team at Akuna, and who will I be working with? Our Development team delivers fast, reliable, scalable, and high performing code within a collaborative environment. As a member of the development team, you will work along-side senior developers with years of experience in the industry. You will design and implement solutions that meet the needs of a competitive trading environment. You will receive great exposure to the overall business and contribute to the advancement of Akuna\u2019s financial technology. What is a typical day like as a Developer? A typical day for our Developers: 8:00am: arrive, have a 5-10 minute morning stand-up meeting with your team to discuss how your project is progressing; 8:15am-5:00pm: design or code solutions and interact with Traders to discuss requirements for upcoming projects. What is your training program for Juniors/Interns? Junior Developers are typically embedded in a small team, where you\u2019ll begin with a small-scale project to help you get comfortable and familiarize yourself with our systems. Typically projects last for 1-4 weeks. As you build up experience and demonstrate your ability, we gradually increase the complexity of the projects and give you greater responsibility. You\u2019ll have an experienced Developer overseeing your work and on hand for any questions you may have, as well as a separate mentor who is available to help out with any part of the job where you feel like you need advice. What computer language(s) should I know for the Junior/ intern roles? Akuna works in Python and JavaScript for Web, Verilog for Hardware and C++ and Python for Software. What is the development process like for Developers at Akuna? The development timelines at Akuna are relatively short, the collaboration is high, and the feedback is instantaneous. We\u2019re in a competitive industry, and we\u2019re a growing company competing with larger firms who have been around for decades. As a result we\u2019re playing catch-up, and we\u2019re keen to get our system up to speed as quickly as possible. Collaboration is key to efficiently developing the solutions the company needs, and it\u2019s fundamental to how our Development process works. Our feedback is primarily data driven \u2013 we can see if the solution you put in place is doing what it needs to, and in a performant way. However, the nature of our business allows us to quickly identify whether a release is doing what it should, and how successful it is proving to be. What are some advantages to not having customers, and how does that affect what I do as a Developer? Not having customers means that we don\u2019t have to design solutions for every single kind of user, we just worry about what Akuna needs. We also don\u2019t need to put our technology through months and months of testing before hitting the market \u2013 we have rigorous procedures to ensure that our code is safe to release, but we can be much quicker to release than a Big Tech firm with millions of customers. The best part of not having customers, however, is that the feedback is instant, and comes directly from people near you \u2013 a Trader can walk over and congratulate you on your work the same day it was released, and that\u2019s extremely satisfying. What can I read to prepare for the job/industry? Many of our Devs have read and strongly recommend \u201cCode Complete\u201d by Steve McConnell, \u201cThe Pragmatic Programmer\u201d by Andrew Hunt and David Thomas, \u201cPrinciples of Compiler Design\u201d by Alfred V. Aho and Jeffrey D. Ullman, \u201cThe C++ Programming Language\u201d by Bjarne Stroustrup, \u201cC++ In Depth\u201d by Jon Skeet, and \u201cEffective Modern C++\u201d by Scott Meyers. Quant What's it like to work on the Quant team at Akuna, and who will I be working with? Our Quants are self-motivated and interested in finding the best solution to every problem. Working across every aspect of Akuna\u2019s system, you will connect with both traders and developers to innovate on data analysis, modeling, and strategies. As the firm\u2019s architects of automation and machine learning, you will push the limits of exploration while greatly increasing the productivity of our trading team. From hypothesis to research and prototyping you are given the opportunity to challenge yourself, learn from experts and expand Akuna\u2019s reach into new forms of liquidity. What is a typical day like as a Quant? A typical day for our Quants: 7:30-8:00am: arrive, check over systems and tools you\u2019re responsible for to make sure they are working as expected, turn on strategies and monitor their trading performance on the side; 9:00-9:15am: group meeting to review goals for the day and issues the team had yesterday; 9:15am-5:00pm: work on your project and interact with Traders and Developers to better understand the problem at hand. What is your training program for Juniors/Interns? As a Quant Developer or Researcher you will be paired with a mentor who will help introduce you to our libraries, applications, infrastructure and theoretical training of advanced derivatives pricing. As a Quant Trader you will be introduced to basic and advanced option theory and programming training while becoming familiar with our existing strategies, infrastructure and research process. What computer language(s) should I know for the Junior/Intern role? All of Akuna\u2019s Quant teams work in Python, and C++ experience is an added bonus for Quant Research/ Machine Learning positions. What is the development process like for Quants at Akuna? The development timelines at Akuna are relatively short, the collaboration is high, and the feedback in instantaneous. On the Quant team, we try to keep the time frame from idea, to analysis, to implementation short. The quick turnaround allows us to test out new ideas quickly, and find out which ones work best. We also systematically test our code and follow development best practices to ensure accuracy, reliability, and robustness of our code. What can I read to prepare for the job/industry? Many of our Quants have read and strongly recommend \u201cClean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship\u201d by Robert C. Martin, \u201cStatistics Done Wrong: The Woefully Complete Guide\u201d by Alex Reinhart, and \u201cPython for Data Analysis: Data Wrangling with Pandas, NumPy, and Ipython\u201d by Wes McKinney. Trading What makes a successful Trader? We look for quick thinking, competitive self-starters with strong communication and numerical skills who are looking to build their own opportunities. What is a typical day like as a Trader? A typical day for our Traders: 6:45am: arrive, check overnight news, review positions and discuss risks as a team; 8:30am-3:00pm: trade; 3:00-5:00pm: review trading day, work on strategy analysis and projects, and attend training sessions. What is your training program for Juniors/Interns? When do I get to trade? No prior options or trading knowledge is necessary as Junior Traders undertake a nine month rotation beginning with a 12-week group training program. Led by some of our top Senior Traders, the program includes option theory, systems training, trading strategy, risk management, data analysis, quant modeling and hands-on trading simulations. Junior Traders then graduate into trading rotations with real money in real time and a one-on-one mentorship with a Senior Trader. Do I need any certifications to be a Junior Trader/Intern at Akuna? There are no certifications required to be considered for a Junior/Intern role at Akuna. Once you begin working as a full-time Junior Trader, you will be required to take and pass the Series 57 exam. What kinds of projects have Trading Interns worked on, and how much of this work is useful/implemented by the desk? The work of Interns on trading desks is extremely useful as they are normally tasked with answering high priority questions which traders simply don\u2019t have the time to research. Examples include: analyzing patterns in volatility, trading volumes, correlations; estimating the efficiency of a new trading strategy, and optimizing parameters of existing strategies. What role does programming knowledge play in the full time or internship roles? Programming knowledge is not required for Options Market Making roles, but along with statistics and higher level math, programming is helpful for project work. Python programming is required for Intern and Full Time Quant Trading roles, and C++ is considered a plus. What can I read to prepare for the job/industry? Many of our Traders have read and strongly recommend \u201cOptions Volatility and Pricing\u201d by Sheldon Natenberg. Although not strictly related to trading, many of our Traders also enjoyed \u201cFooled by Randomness\u201d by Nassim Taleb and \u201cThinking, Fast and Slow\u201d by Daniel Kahneman. It infra What\u2019s it like to work at the IT Infra team at Akuna, and who will I be working with? Infrastructure is exactly that, the core on which the trading system is built and where every piece of software the company uses resides. This means you will be working with people from every department in Akuna (Trading, Development, Quant, Business Operations) on a regular basis. You will need to gain an understanding of the different needs and requirements of these disparate teams, to be flexible and to think on your feet. What is a typical day like? IT Infrastructure has a key front-line (Trading) responsibility, as well as executing on longer term engineering projects. Being close to Trading means your typical day can vary based on market conditions and world events \u2013making for an exciting day-to-day experience. This is balanced against our project work where the team constantly strives to improve and automate our existing infrastructure and scale to new products, strategies and markets. What is training like for new employees / Juniors? New employees are typically embedded in their team right away with on the job training. For those unfamiliar with Financial markets or Trading we have internal programs to introduce you to these topics and more specific training as it pertains to Akuna\u2019s systems. Junior employee\u2019s will always have an experienced team member overseeing their work as well as a mentor who is able to help you with any part of the job where you feel like you need advice. What is the career development like for IT Infra team members at Akuna? There are a variety of roles in IT Infrastructure, with Junior, Mid-level, Senior and Team Lead opportunities. We want your career to advance as Akuna does and have regular \u2018Akuna U\u2019 sessions on a variety of subjects, we also pay for external training resources as it relates to your job. Also we have a regular 1:1 and performance management reviews where you can work with your manager on career development. About Us Meet The Team Our Culture About us Meet The Team Our Culture The New Wave in Tech and Trading Akuna Capital Headquarters 333 South Wabash Avenue 26th Floor Chicago, IL 60604 All Rights Reserved ???????????? 2011- Akuna Technologies LLC", 
    "CompanyName": "Akuna", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "akunacapital", 
    "Hash": "43D92A5CE642EF0843BFDFE8CA260ADA", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, algorithms, risk management, python, financial, exchanges, react, numpy, machine learning, full time, javascript, verilog, cryptocurrency, fpga, collaboration, agile, embedded", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Spring, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://akunacapital.com/careers", 
        "https://akunacapital.com/careers?job_exists=false", 
        "https://akunacapital.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fakunacapital.com%2Fcareers", 
        "https://akunacapital.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fakunacapital.com%2Fcareers&format=xml"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/akuna-capital-compliance-analyst/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- akunacapital", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Careers - Akuna Capital", 
    "Url": "https://akunacapital.com/careers?job_exists=false"
}
