{
    "Body": "Our Technology Our Projects Announcements About Us Contact Us English?????????????????? X Arabic Chinese (Simplified) English Filipino French German Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Search Mobile Menu Our Technology Our Projects Announcements About Us Contact Us Type your search and press enter Submit your search request Energy, reimagined The operating system for new energy markets, Power Ledger is a blockchain enabled software platform for trading renewable energy and environmental commodities. Make an enquiry Our Technology Latest: RENeW Nexus: Enabling resilient, low cost & localised electricity markets through blockchain P2P & VPP trading Our software is helping build a grid that works for everyone The world is in a transition to new kinds of energy. But bringing that about is not as simple as just flicking on some switches to feed rooftop solar into the grid. At Power Ledger, we have developed a way of integrating traditional energies with renewables, batteries with hydro and the peaks with the troughs. It\u2019s the operating system for new energy markets and the power systems that they control. In this new world there are two new concepts: A digital identity for every electrical resource or power device, and a real time market that facilitates the transactions between them. Our platform allows devices and humans to trade the power they need, when they need it, simply and in a way that's scalable for the entire energy system. More about us Managing the grid. Stripping out cost The central problems in electrical generation are high supply during the day and high demand in the evening. This is often called the duck curve. You can store that problem away with hydro or batteries and you can trade it away. But you can\u2019t ignore it. When you use the Power Ledger platform, you are helping to stabilize the grid and helping to make renewables work for all of us. You are also reducing your costs. ????????????Grid: Manage your microgrid with a real time market that optimises price. xGrid: Sell and buy excess kilowatt hours across the grid, and help stabilise it at the same time. VPP: Manage the peaks and troughs with a battery and make a profit in the process. Vision: Choose the type and quality of energy you are sourcing. Wind, solar or traditional. PPA Vision: Manage the output, billing and settlement for commercial solar and wind farms. Trace: Tracks and traces the life of renewable energy certificates (RECs). TraceX: Trade and settle RECs wherever you are in the world. Whichever features you select, they are all about real time action, high transparency, high control and high verifiability. More about our technology Renewables are the solution and the problem Renewables may be able to solve the problem of CO2. But they\u2019re playing havoc with the grid. This can be summed up as the duck curve problem. Photovoltaics mean overgeneration at noon, coupled with a shortfall in the early evening. Wherever you look in the world there is political friction that\u2019s a result of this incomplete technological solution. In California they throw away hundreds of millions of kilowatt hours. In Australia we\u2019re building white elephant projects to solve the duck curve problem with all the political fallout that entails. In Germany, McKinsey reports that renewables threaten both the energy supply and the economy. It\u2019s becoming increasingly clear that there are missing pieces of the jigsaw that are needed to produce the new grid. The internet of electricity In this new conception of a grid, devices are no longer dumb. They have five attributes and enough intelligence to make their own decisions. Device identifier Geolocation Blockchain ID Bid and offer based on need state. On top of this layer is a market that allows for rapid real time transactions between ordinary household devices. We\u2019re helping to create a world where devices make it part of their job to stabilise the grid. About blockchain technology Awards Our team has proudly received numerous awards from respected organisations. WINNER Sir Richard Branson's Extreme Tech Challenge FINALIST World Changing Ideas Energy category WINNER - JEMMA GREEN Fintech Entrepreneur of the Year WINNER - JEMMA GREEN Women of Influence Innovation category Industry memberships We are proud to be a member of several reputable organisations in the blockchain and energy industries. Our projects 25 projects in 8 countries TDED, Thailand A partnership for digital energy trading Read more Nicheliving, Australia Partnership with property developer to install energy trading platform across new home builds in Western Australia Read more ekWateur, France Power Ledger and green energy retailer ekWateur have partnered to enable French consumers to customize their energy mix. Read more KEPCO, Japan Peer to peer energy and REC trading with Kansai Electric Power Co (KEPCO) Read more Vicinity, Australia Australian retail investment company Vicinity Centres is using Power Ledger's platform to trial trading solar energy generated within its shopping centers. Read more American PowerNet, United States Wholesale electricity manager American PowerNet uses Power Ledger's platform at its headquarters to trade solar energy with neighbors connected in its office park. Read more Clearway Energy Group, United States Power Ledger to roll out digital commodity trading software in the United States through Clearway partnership. Read more Powerclub, Australia An Australian National Energy Market (NEM) retailer, Powerclub will use Power Ledger\u2019s platform to provide VPP functionality to its customers. Read more M-RETS, North America A blockchain-enabled REC marketplace in partnership with Midwest Renewable Energy Tracking System. Read more SEDA, Malaysia A pilot trial aims to demonstrate the feasibility of solar energy trading in the Malaysian energy market using Power Ledger\u2019s platform. Read more Make an enquiry If you have questions or comments, feel free to get in touch with us using our enquiry form. Enquiry form Sign up for the Power Ledger newsletter Subscribe Headquarters Level 2, The Palace 108 St Georges Terrace Perth, Western Australia, 6000 +61 8 9322 6659 Facebook Instagram Vimeo Telegram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Our Technology Our Projects Announcements About Us Contact Us xGrid ????????????Grid VPP Vision PPA Vision Trace TraceX Articles Our Team Our Values Careers Merchandise Disclaimer ", 
    "CompanyName": "PowerNet", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "powerledger", 
    "Hash": "43F6B4C9B3A5790ABC80B55B7229D179", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, marketplace, peer to peer, financial", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Thailand", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.powerledger.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://www.powerledger.io/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/power-ledger-intern/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- powerledger", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Power Ledger", 
    "Url": "https://www.powerledger.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
