{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.curv.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.curv.co/careers/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/curv-senior-devops-engineer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Curv \u2013 Institutional Wallet powered by MPC \u2013 The Institutional Standard for Digital Asset Security",
    "Hash": "45B8DB2145D8239FA5DAB1BF3DB458ED",
    "Url": "https://www.curv.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "curv",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Skip to content Menu Technology Solutions Curv Wallet Service Curv Air Gap Use Cases About Us Company Careers News Blog Request Demo Scroll down to content The Institutional Standard for Digital Asset Security A Cloud-based Wallet that Gives You Bulletproof Protection, Instant Availability & Total Autonomy Over All Your Digital Assets, powered by Revolutionary Cryptography Download White Paper Request a Demo Eliminating the Private Key flaw in Blockchains Blockchains democratize information and asset transfers, making it easy for anyone, anywhere, to transact. By design, blockchain transactions are irreversible, thanks to the public key cryptography they use. Unfortunately, public key cryptography introduces a single point of failure: private keys. Curv eliminates this single point of failure by giving you a secure, distributed way to sign transactions and manage all your digital assets. Trusted by Industry Leaders Curv Provides Security and Peace of Mind in the Digital Economy Keyless Cryptographic security Curv\u2019s decentralized security model utilizes multi-party computation (MPC) protocols, enabling transactions to be securely signed in a mathematically-proven, distributed way. Complete control and accountability An enterprise-grade policy engine allows clients to define risk profiles and enforce granular policies to ensure only authorized transactions are allowed. Clients decide exactly who can do what. Asset agnostic support No matter the type of asset or blockchain protocol used, Curv can keep it safe. Unlike legacy solutions, such as multi-signature wallets that require the native support of a blockchain to work, Curv MPC can support all tokens and protocols. Flexible deployment Curv\u2019s technology replaces the need for legacy hot and cold infrastructures, which means clients have the ability to define the speed at which they process transactions to meet both client and regulatory demands. Protection from All Sides Our multi-party computation (MPC) protocols provide protection like no other, but you don\u2019t have to just take our word for it. We have gone to extensive lengths to set a high bar for security with our institutional wallet service. A partnership with insurance powerhouse Munich RE provides an added layer of protection, giving Curv customers coverage up to $50 million of digital assets. The product is regularly pen-tested and peer reviewed by world leading cryptographers. In addition, Curv is the first and only MPC digital asset wallet solution to achieve SOC 2 Type II status. Learn More We\u2019ve Got an API for That If you have a specific application for our MPC protocols, we\u2019re interested. We have made it easy for developers to create a software-defined security model for a protected operational wallet. You can simply use Curv\u2019s APIs to integrate the wallet into your environment and directly control the configuration through the Curv cloud service. Contact Us Curv, wherever you go. Curv is available on iOS and Android devices, so you can securely and instantly access all your digital assets on the go. 200+ Coins and Tokens supported Curv makes it easy for institutions to manage digital assets by supporting a wide range of chains and tokens, including all ERC-20 tokens and sub tokens on multiple blockchains. All ECSDA and EdDSA blockchains are supported.   BITCOIN (BTC)   BINANCE COIN (BNB)   BITCOIN CASH (BCH)   ETHEREUM CLASSIC (ETC)   ETHEREUM (ETH)   STELLAR LUMEN (XLM)   LITECOIN (LTC)   EOS (EOS)   XRP (XRP)   BITCOIN SV (BSV)   ALL ERC-20 Looking for more information? Request Demo © Curv 2020. All rights reserved. Terms of Use ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- curv"
}