{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://sonm.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://sonm.com/jobs/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/sonm-senior-software-engineer-go-golang-integration/",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sonm \u2014 Decentralized Fog Computing Platform",
    "Hash": "46A3B47B56D6F5CC3B1FE9FAF6E826D3",
    "Url": "https://sonm.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "sonm",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Mainnet is LIVECurrent deals: Platform Getting started Sonm OS Calculator Technology stack Documentation Solutions Infrastructure for blockchain apps Machine learning Rendering CDN Company Roadmap About us Jobs Support Blog Community SIGN IN Sonm Blockchain Explorer: Our new useful tool! Decentralized Fog Computing Platform Sonm provides cloud services based on distributed customer level hardware including PCs, mining equipment, and servers. You can either rent out your hardware or use someone\u2019s computing power for your needs. Profitability calculator Getting started We work with Founded in 2015, the Open Fog Consortium is a global organisation with more than 60 members that aims to accelerate the adoption of fog computing across the globe. Its open architecture creates a fog computing ecosystem which can effectively serve multiple IoT platforms and applications.Learn more Hewlett Packard Enterprise Cloud28+ is an open community of cloud service providers, solution providers, ISVs, systems integrators, distributors and government entities dedicated to accelerating Cloud adoption in Europe and around the globe.Learn more Founded in 2009, POSTKINO FX is the main post-production studio for Art Media Alliance company group. It deals with the creation of computer graphics for cinematography and TV and is one of the first companies to use Sonm to render their tasks.Learn more View more Decentralized Cloud Services You rent other people's computing power all around planet from global resource pool at net cost without enterprise margin charges. Get Power Fog Computing Backend Become part of the fog with Sonm! We invite hardware suppliers to join the platform, and benefit from helping customers run even more calculation-intensive tasks. Give Power Smart Contracts-based Marketplace Sonm is a self-supporting marketplace where you can trade computing power using an internal currency: the SNM token. Buy SNM token Сurrent Solutions We are developing a universal IT infrastructure capable of performing CGI rendering tasks, neural network training algorithms, hosting websites and other applications. Infrastructure for blockchain applications Infrastructure, provided by Sonm, allows to run any decentralized applications or host blockchain-based services, which need computing resources for it work. For example, such well-known projects as Golem, iExec, SIA, Elastic etc. Try SONM Learn more Machine learning Sonm can provide massive pool of available GPU machines. This powers can be used to run training on GPU, or parallel training to optimise meta parameters. Sonm supports TensorFlow and CUDA for your application inside Docker environment. Start ML on SONM Learn more Video rendering on CPU/GPU Unlimited resources for GPU rendering with low overhead and competing prices. This kind of resources works well with existing commercial rendering software, like Redshift and Deadline. Render on SONM Learn more CDN and video streaming The distributed fog computing structure of Sonm is perfect for the CDN establishment: hundreds of Sonm nodes around the globe allow you to serve content and organize effective balancing and scalability. Run CDN on SONM Learn more Fog computing Software components Technologies and features Technology stack Fog Computing The main idea of fog computing is the use of a decentralized network formed from disparate individual computing devices, as opposed to a single data center structure. What distinguishes fog computing from cloud services is that in this case the computing resources are decentralized: instead of being provided by some centralized data center or supercomputer or server, the accumulated resource is delivered from individual computing devices. This makes it possible to build extremely scalable and distributed systems, that can achieve performance and efficiency, not available with traditional cloud-based architecture. The aim of Sonm is to attract private users and data centers with free computing resources, and to form an open market based on these resources. A market where buyers, on a competitive basis, can find the resources to run their applications. Technology stack Software components The architecture of Sonm is made up of the following components and functions via their interaction. GUI/wallet CLI API Node Rendezvous/relay Worker DWH \u2014 a component for fast search and read from blockchain Gatekeeper masternodes (currently PoA) Block producing masternodes (currently PoA) Public geth nodes Price oracle (currently PoA) Technology stack Technologies and features The emergence of public cryptocurrencies, namely Bitcoin and Ethereum clearly showed the sustainability of decentralised systems. This kind of systems have benefits and advantages, not achievable by traditional centralised systems: transparency and community trust, overall reliability, censorship-free, geographical distribution, global availability with the use of public cryptocurrencies, involvement of people as opposed to companies, etc. So in order to run the solutions with Sonm we use the following technologies: Blockchain and smart contracts Profiles and a rating system Decentralized marketplace Peer-to-peer networking Docker containers SONM PULSE - Сurrent Deals - Total Deals - Average Deal Duration - Total Deals Duration - Masters - Workers - Customers Active worker with deal Active worker without deal Buying Sonm tokens is simple The SNM token is an internal currency on the Sonm computing power marketplace. With SNM you can get access to the unlimited resources provided by Sonm. Market cap $ Price $ Tokens issued 444 000 000 SNM Buy SNM using a credit card Store and hold your SNM tokens Exchange your coins to SNM SONM Community call (DAO Creation) Current situation SONM is a decentralized marketplace for heterogeneous computing power, which represents the first working technology, binding\u2026 September 25, 2019 Sonm Status Announcement (English) Date: 20 Sep 2019. Sonm has successfully implemented the fog computing platform and has reached the readiness of basic infrastructure,\u2026 #DAO #Report September 20, 2019 Sonm weekly update 2019-09-03 Masternodes work in progress! Sonm sidechain explorer open-sourced! TEE production deployment is going on aiming at October 2019! CraftML has\u2026 September 4, 2019 Keep in touch with our latest news! We keep developing and improving the product. Be the first to find out about its newest technological aspects! Subscribe Platform Getting started Sonm OS Calculator Technology stack Documentation Solutions Infrastructure for blockchain apps Machine learning Render CDN Company Roadmap Blog About us Jobs Support Merch store © 2017\u20132020 Sonm Pte. Ltd. Privacy policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- sonm"
}