{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/coindesk/jobs/4471670002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/coindesk-business-analytics-lead/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Job Application for Business Analytics Lead at CoinDesk",
    "Hash": "4B57637DA61D66630ACE3C3965452319",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/coindesk/jobs/4471670002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "Unknown",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Apply Now Business Analytics Lead at CoinDesk (View all jobs) New York ABOUT US CoinDesk is the leading digital media, events and research company in this rapidly growing, blockchain and digital asset world. We are driven by the mission to be the media platform for the next generation of global investors The team of subject matter experts at CoinDesk delivers reliable and relevant content to both individuals and businesses, enabling them to make impactful decisions and stay current on this evolving industry.???????????? CoinDesk is a quickly growing company with incredible ambition. Our global presence has grown exponentially through top quality journalism and event production, creating a community for millions of members. We are all excited to continue on this journey and take pride in the opportunity we have to make a long lasting impact. We\u2019d love for you to join us if you\u2019re willing to take on new challenges and immerse yourself in a world of intelligent, forward thinking and also, fun humans.???????????? ~~~ THE ROLE We are seeking a business analytics individual who will be responsible for helping CoinDesk make decisions with actionable user data.???????????? The ideal candidate is ambitious, collaborative and ready to roll up their sleeves as CoinDesk continues to scale. Responsibilities Collaborate cross functionally with product, events and editorial, to gauge needs and provide analytical solutions for optimizing decision making Provide actionable analysis on how to acquire, engage and retain audience on CoinDesk.com, mobile, live events, etc. Design and coordinate with marketing on tests to identify new opportunities for growth Analyze trends in audience behavior as it relates to different product offerings Design, build and automate dashboards to display insights and provide transparency to the whole company Identify critical data points that are missing in helping tell the CoinDesk narrative ~~~ ABOUT YOU???????????? Qualifications Robust experience using data and analytics to iterate and improve products, ideally at a media business Advanced experience with Google Analytics, Parse.ly, MS Excel (formulas, VBA, Macros, etc.), data visualization tools, and recommendations on other tools that can track how we are engaging, acquiring and retaining users 3-4 years of experience Proficiency in writing and understanding SQL queries Experience with defining, implementing and analyzing A/B and multivariate experiments Quickly understand market and consumer behavior to operate strategically???????????? Located in NYC ~~~ PLUS PERKS! Competitive salary and bonus offerings Robust Medical, vision, and dental insurance???????????? Life & disability coverage Blockchain & Crypto Training Sessions Access to Retirement Savings plans We celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, and our new hires! Just about any snack you can think of from starburst to seaweed to sugar free jerky... Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment in the United States?????????????* -- Yes No U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at CoinDesk are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. How do I know if I have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by???????????? Read our Privacy Policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- greenhouse",
    "KeyTerms": "visualization, digital asset, analytical, compliance, privacy, sql",
    "Location": "New York, Mississippi, United States",
    "CompanyName": "CoinDesk",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
