{
    "Body": "???????????????????????? ????????????????????????XSN Cloud (Staking as a Service platform) is now live! Deposit XSN and start earning rewards within hours. Close Menu Homepage XSN Overview Buy XSN Products Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper Roadmap Resources FAQ Documentation Team Overview Jobs The first trustless interchain economy Combining Lightning Network and Masternodes into a global blockchain for decentralized applications. XSN is the cryptocurrency powering the network. Video Buy XSN XSN: USD XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper XSN is programmable digital money. It is the native cryptocurrency of Stakenet and powers its decentralized applications. Instant transactions with????????????virtually zero????????????fees XSN is digital money with instant, infinitely scalable transactions, and near????????????zero fees over Lightning Network. Cross-chain connected over????????????Lightning Network XSN can operate with other blockchains. It runs on a decentralized, very secure, and trustless cross-chain blockchain. Masternodes on a highly secure PoS blockchain Masternodes run dApps and services on one of the most secure PoS blockchains, utilizing Trustless Proof of Stake. Learn more XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper The Core Wallet is a full node wallet used to completely verify the Stakenet blockchain, run Masternodes, stake, and exercise voting rights. Download Core Wallet XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper The Explorer shows all the activity happening within the Stakenet blockchain. Go to Explorer website XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper The Stakenet Wallet is a non-custodial multi-currency light wallet, Lightning Network-ready, that features our own Dex. It allows users to send, receive, hold, and exchange funds over LN; without needing to download full blockchains. Coming soon XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper The Cloud provides blockchain services, designed to grant a better and easier experience for XSN users. Learn more here, or log in. Pooled staking Your coins will automatically stake. Earn rewards every few minutes, no matter the number of coins. Masternodes as a Service We set up and maintain your Masternodes. You remain in control of your coins at all times. Monitoring services We monitor your Masternodes and Merchantnodes. Receive Alerts to your email if something occur. XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper A unique decentralized exchange run entirely by Stakenets' Masternodes. XSN Dex is based on Lightning Network, as it performs instant, fee-less, and infinitely scalable Lightning Swaps, not common on-chain Atomic Swaps as most other DEX do. Read more XSN Core Wallet Explorer Stakenet Wallet Cloud Dex Viper Viper is a hardware Lightning router that allows users to set up Lightning Network hubs for XSN, BTC, LTC, and collect fees while their private keys remain safe and secure in cold storage. Coming soon What is Stakenet? Stakenet is a decentralized blockchain with Lightning Network, Masternodes, and????????????dApps, such as a Lightning DEX. It provides a trustless cross-chain platform built on top of its own cryptocurrency - XSN. Individuals can easily operate with any blockchain by using XSN and its dApps. Powerful Masternodes run the dApps and network services. It is the first blockchain secured by a Trustless Proof of Stake (TPoS) consensus, resulting in one of the highest level of security among existing PoS networks. Learn more about its utility in our FAQ and XSN page. The Stakenet blockchain is powered by two types of nodes: Staking nodes and Masternodes The Staking nodes Responsible for moving, validating, and securing the????????????Stakenet network. Anybody can be a staker by running a Staking node, regardless of how many coins he owns. Merchantnodes are a kind of Staking nodes designed especially for cold staking (TPoS). The Stakenet blockchain uses its revolutionary TPoS????????????consensus, so more independent Stakers secure the network and more Masternodes can be online than with previous solutions. Masternodes Responsible for providing high-end network services and running dApps utilizing XSN, such as our Lightning DEX. They create a massive network of computers with an????????????incredible computational power for Stakenet. The????????????possibilities are endless. To run a Masternode you need 15 000 XSN. Network security and services are as important to have a robust and powerful infrastructure. Stakers and Masternodes are equally rewarded, each with 45% of the block rewards. No one is discriminated. Treasury The treasury is a cryptographically sealed public address that holds money allocated to it by the network 10% of the block rewards go to the treasury. Used to fund any Stakenet related development, project, marketing campaign, et cetera\u2026 No centralized entity owns or has access to????????????the????????????money in the treasury. Funds proposals must be submitted and voted democratically by the Masternodes. It is effectively owned by no one and everyone at????????????the same time. Governance The Stakenet's governance is a truly decentralized democracy Stakenet is a Decentralized Autonomous Organization that is run through unbreakable rules,????????????encoded and maintained on our blockchain. It doesn't have a centralized leader. Instead, there is a????????????management mechanism that takes credit????????????for????????????the needs of all individuals involved. Stakenet holders govern the protocol and vote to implement the best possible innovations. Masternode owners have voting rights \u2014 one Masternode equals to one vote. dApps and services Different teams are innovating and building on top of Stakenet The proceeds dApps and services bring are distributed among XSN Masternodes, sent to the Treasury for further developments, or burned (thus????????????decreasing the supply of the coin). Either way, it is ensured the dApps and services built upon Stakenet will end up benefiting XSN. The Stakenet dApp framework will enable anyone to develop powerful decentralized applications on top of Stakenet, powered by XSN Masternodes. Articles Read more on our medium page Join our newsletter Your email was received. Read more Stakenet DEX \u2014 Fee Structure Jun 27????????????|???????????? 5 min read Read more Stakenet DEX \u2014 Multi-Exchange Trades Jun 24 ????????????|???????????? 5 min read Read more Stakenet Light Wallet Update 2.8.6 Jun 14 ????????????|???????????? 6 min read Partnerships Read more on our partnerships page Read more LEDGER Read more LITECOIN FOUNDATION Read more BINANCE V LABEL Read more TREZOR LIVECOIN Read more COINALL X Quick links XSN Core Wallet XSN Cloud XSN Explorer Exchanges Stakenet info (community) Documents Whitepaper Video summary Comparison chart Brand resources Information FAQ Team Jobs Roadmap Source code Contact us Social Discord Telegram Twitter Facebook Instagram Reddit Youtube (community) Medium Github Bitcointalk ", 
    "CompanyName": "Treasury", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "stakenet", 
    "Hash": "4BBE437F8A98439BA5791AFA1B59CCE0", 
    "KeyTerms": "litecoin, github, wallet, network security, lightning network, cross-chain, exchanges, voting, decentralized, proof of stake, vyper, cloud, staking, cryptocurrency, consensus, blockchain services, staker, dapps, private keys", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Stakenet", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://stakenet.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://stakenet.io/jobs"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/stakenet-article-writer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of stake", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- stakenet", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Stakenet - The trustless interchain economy", 
    "Url": "https://stakenet.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
