{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://nem.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/nem-senior-front-end-engineer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "NEM Blockchain - Because together, everything is possible.",
    "Hash": "53E513356F083A6A3D448EC9CB3E438B",
    "Url": "https://nem.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "nem",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Platforms Community Latest About Contact Because together, everything is possible Together, we are responsible for ensuring the longevity, health and success of the ecosystem for all NEM participants. More about Symbol More about NEM NIS1 Because together, everything is possible Together, we are responsible for ensuring the longevity, health and success of the ecosystem for all NEM participants. More about Symbol More about NEM NIS1 More about Symbol More about NEM NIS1 Our purpose is to evolve the NEM ecosystem and optimize the blockchain platforms to bring greater success to all its parts. By working closely across the ecosystem, we will help make collective ambitions real. Our purpose is to evolve the NEM ecosystem and optimize the blockchain platforms to bring greater success to all its parts. By working closely across the ecosystem, we will help make collective ambitions real. NEM ECOSYSTEM To explore, innovate and create using blockchain To power possibility and connect business with blockchain To identify, incubate and invest in projects that innovate using blockchain To build the brands, improve the technology and foster inclusivity Visit Website Visit Website Visit Website Connect NEM ECOSYSTEM To explore, innovate and create using blockchain Visit Website To power possibility and connect business with blockchain Visit Website To identify, incubate and invest in projects that innovate using blockchain Visit Website To build the brands, improve the technology and foster inclusivity Connect NEM PARTNERS & PROJECTS \u2039 \u203a LATEST NEWS AND UPDATES May 17, 2020 NEM Group \u2013 Marketing Approach and Team Foreword from David Shaw Hello all, As we announced on the 9th of April in the NEM Ecosystem Future Governance and Plans NEM Group has been created with three immediate May 9, 2020 NEM Ecosystem \u2013 Community Reinvigoration Strategy This is an announcement from NEM Group about the Community Reinvigoration and Marketing approached. In the initial announcement we committed to publishing this approach within 1 month (10th of May), and it being into implementation within 3 months (10th July 2020). April 30, 2020 Symbol Launch Reporting & Single Source of Information This is a summary forum post where people can stop by and understand the current information available about Symbol and see short sharp updates on the progress on the plan and launch of Symbol against the plan. Interested in the possibilities? Contact us. Get in touch ABOUT Leadership Team Latest News ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- nem"
}