{
    "Body": "Skip to content About EEA Board of Directors EEA Team Members EEA MEMBERS Become A Member Participate Special Interest Groups Working Groups Resources Technical Specifications Use Cases Publications Newsletters Webinars Training News & Events Press Releases Media Coverage Member News Events Blog Join The EEA Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Homeentethalliance2020-07-08T09:05:14-04:00 ABOUT THE EEA The Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) is a member-driven standards organization whose charter is to develop open blockchain specifications that drive harmonization and interoperability for businesses and consumers worldwide. Our global community of members is made up of leaders, adopters, innovators, developers, and businesses who collaborate to create an open, decentralized web for the benefit of everyone. Learn More Ethereum in the Enterprise 2020 #EntEth2020 | Thursday, July 30, 2020 | 10:00 AM \u2013 2:30 PM EDT The EEA community is excited to announce our first ever virtual event! Please join us for a premier gathering of the top business leaders, technologists, and industry experts in the enterprise blockchain space. Read More DOWNLOAD EEA\u2019s LATEST SPECS! EEA\u2019s latest specifications will enable development of interoperable Ethereum blockchain offerings to meet business needs Download the Specs Join the 200+ organizations supporting the EEA Join Us News & Upcoming Events Enterprise Ethereum Alliance Appoints Dr. Daniel Burnett as Executive Director Evander Pierre2020-07-08T08:55:50-04:00July 8th, 2020| More News July 30, 2020 \u2013 July 30, 2020 Ethereum in the Enterprise 2020 \u2013 A Virtual Conference from the EEA More Events EEA Monthly Education Series Because of these unique circumstances, the EEA is currently not attending or sponsoring any upcoming events. However, we do host monthly educational webinars that are open to all and feature industry experts who discuss a wide variety of relevant topics. Check out the recordings of past webinars and scroll down to sign up to receive future invitations in your inbox! Access Recordings EEA TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Enterprise Ethereum Alliance Specifications provide open standards for developing large-scale, interoperable blockchain implementations. Download Specifications EEA ANNOUNCES TESTNET PLATFORM EEA partners with Whiteblock to provide EEA members with an environment for blockchain testing and development scenarios. Learn More Why Standards Standards drive interoperability \u2013 making standards the key ingredient to accelerating the global adoption of blockchain solutions. Learn More POWER IN NUMBERS The EEA is a global community of blockchain leaders, adopters, innovators, developers, and businesses from around the globe collaborating to bring about solutions for the benefit of everyone. Why Join? Board Members JOIN Become a Member EEA welcomes all individuals and organizations around the globe interested in or developing Ethereum-based technology specifically for, or useful in, enterprise use cases. PARTICIPATE Join a Working Group Working Groups are member-driven based on the needs and identified business opportunities. Check out our active Working Groups. Collaborate Access Member Portal The member portal is exclusive to EEA members for engaging, networking and collaborating. Members are encouraged to create an account. TESTIMONIALS We have gained a lot of knowledge on Ethereum through the various committees organized by the EEA. Raghu Bala, CEO, NetObjex, Inc The online presence of information and sharing is nothing short of priceless. Thank you EEA for driving this industry forward. Rune Evensen, CEO, C.O.S.S. PTE. LTD. EEA\u2019s working groups focus on shared industry challenges and set up standards that progress the platform capabilities and create a stronger foundation for mass industry adoption. Diana Kearns-Manolatos, Senior Director, Global Head of Marketing, Synechron Given the breadth of its membership from small startups through to the largest enterprises, the EEA will continue to grow as a great resource for any company building enterprise-focused blockchain solutions. Conor Svensson, Founder/CEO Web3 Labs With the Technical Specifications group, we are trying to do something that might seem different enough to be interesting. First it should be noted that we are \"standards first\" which is that we develop and build on standards... However, we are aiming for an approach that is implementation-led. Chaals Nevile, EEA Technical Program Manager HEAR MORE TESTIMONIALS Get The Latest Updates Want to stay current with EEA\u2019s specification work, industry use cases and the latest in blockchain technology news? Sign up here. This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead Members Become a Member EEA MEMBERS Participate Join a Working Group Resources Technical Specifications Membership FAQs News & Events Press Releases Media Coverage Events Member News Press Corner Blog About Enterprise Ethereum Alliance is a trademark of the Ethereum Foundation Use of the trademark by Enterprise Ethereum Alliance is authorized by a license granted by the Ethereum Foundation. The license to use does not create a partnership, agency, sponsorship, endorsement or any other similar relationship between the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance and the Ethereum Foundation. facebooktwitterlinkedin To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. Using this site means you agree to our use of cookies. More information is available in the EEA ", 
    "CompanyName": "EEA", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "entethalliance", 
    "Hash": "5752D1E2C5BB266F35A3393E7620D12F", 
    "KeyTerms": "ethereum, interoperable, web-3, interoperability, decentralized, testnet, javascript", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Alliance, Indiana, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://entethalliance.org/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/enterprise-ethereum-alliance-executive-director/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "ethereum", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- entethalliance", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Home - Enterprise Ethereum Alliance", 
    "Url": "https://entethalliance.org/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
