{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold/1d0ee8e5-dde3-43bb-aa81-64a4cc9d4b30/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/stronghold-b2b-demand-generation/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Stronghold - B2B Demand Generation",
    "Hash": "5BA725CC10BF1F3E770393115E6C79F2",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold/1d0ee8e5-dde3-43bb-aa81-64a4cc9d4b30?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "B2B Demand Generation San Francisco, California / Marketing / Full Time Apply for this job Stronghold is an early-stage financial services company that\u2019s building a global payment and trade ecosystem that offers customers secure, transparent ways to move money. We value diversity of all kinds, and are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other. We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. If you are not sure that you\u2019re 100% qualified, but up for the challenge - we want you to apply. Your Impact Stronghold is hiring a Demand Generation expert for our fast-growing B2B business unit. You will be a leader driving the next wave of innovation for Stronghold\u2019s go-to-market team and platform, which already clears millions of payments per month. This is a pivotal growth role at a key phase of our evolution, as we scale our enterprise offerings and define the category of serving the underserved in financial services starting with payment networks and payments. You\u2019ll be accountable for the strategy, development, and execution of our demand generation programs. You\u2019ll help drive the company\u2019s revenue goals by working closely with our sales efforts in the development of the company\u2019s continued high-growth performance. You will drive top-of-funnel awareness while being conscious of down-funnel pipeline and conversion. You\u2019ll be responsible for building out and leading the demand gen team to scale our existing strategies and implement new ones focused on acquisition. You will bring your analytical enterprise marketing expertise in leveraging digital channels and content marketing techniques to drive awareness, lead generation, and lead nurturing at scale. Your Role Own and oversee an aggressive top-of-funnel forecast and strategy Lead the strategy and execution of demand generation and lead nurturing programs, with a laser focus on data-driven decisions and optimizations for generating qualified leads and building the sales pipeline. Define, plan and execute demand generation campaigns across multiple digital channels including paid social & search, display/retargeting, webinars, email, content syndication, etc. that generate high quality leads. Track and report on performance metrics (CPL, MQLs, Opps, Pipeline, etc.), using this data to continually optimize campaign performance. Function as both a leader and doer, providing position leadership and insights, supporting strategic objectives, as well as being a hands-on member of the team as needed. Work closely with the team to incorporate content, SEO/SEM, social, PR, website, events, and more, into integrated cross company campaigns. Forge strong communications with the sales team, and support lead flow service level agreements (SLAs) between marketing and sales. Optimize lead flow, data hygiene, lead scoring, and nurture models that align to industry best practices and perform above benchmarks. You\u2019ll Work With These Technologies Amplitude, Segment, Google Analytics - analytics platforms Hubspot - sales CRM & marketing automation platform Outreach email platform G Suite collaboration platform Your Experience 3+ years of experience in B2B demand generation and/or growth, ideally in the payments or foreign exchange space. Track record in driving high growth in a B2B startup environment. Strong understanding of all facets of the buyer's journey throughout the marketing and sales funnel supporting buyers at Enterprise and Strategic accounts down to SMB. Analytical, with a relentless focus on metrics, measurement and optimization. Strong organizational skills to effectively manage multiple people, and projects with tight deadlines. Comfortable presenting ideas and information to senior leadership internally and externally Benefits Competitive salary Stock options Modern, central SoMa office space Free lunches Health insurance Flexible vacation schedule An opportunity to transform the world by offering more people access to financial services Apply for this job Stronghold Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "CompanyName": "CPL",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
