{
    "Body": "Hydra We've moved to lakeproject.co, with a new brand and vision. Learn MoreDetails Beta An elegant AI-driven digital portfolio Hydra builds and maintains an intelligent portfolio of cryptocurrencies & digital assets where decisions are driven by market trends, not just historical data. Intelligent portfolio Get on the beta Intelligent diversification & rebalancing We rely on data, not emotions. Our artificial intelligence rebalances your portfolio every week between the top 100 cryptocurrencies by market cap and an additional set of every single ERC-n compliant token from the 0x project. Invest with ease Bet on the market The Hydra token automatically invests in coins and manages your portfolio. Confidence & security Check your portfolio at any time. Cash out instantly. We provide immediate liquidity of your assets. Powered by A.I. Our artificial intelligence rebalances your portfolio every week based on market trends, not just historical performance. Get on the beta The wallets We believe investing in this space should be a seamless experience. To accelerate the adoption of the decentralized economy, we're building with the user experience at the forefront, reducing friction between traditional finance and cutting-edge technology. As the bridging layer to this new economy, we seek to provide robust and customizable access to the tools we develop for institutions, accredited investors and retail clients. Your browser does not support the video tag. In development The team We're driven and ambitious, looking to help others get into cryptocurrencies in a more elegant manner. We have a track record of building and shipping great products. Vivek Menon Co-founder & CTO Technical lead with a love for solving business problems by hunting patterns. Also a fan of functional programming, deep learning, game theory, and crypto-economics. Malcolm Cameron Co-founder & COO Previously lead Mobile Growth and Analytics at Rover & economic consultant at Altus Group. M.Sc. Statistics and experienced in data analysis, financial modelling and economics. Rishabh Varshney Co-founder & CEO Previously the Chief Product Officer at Bunz.com. Product Designer at Facebook, Shoebox App & more. Knack for building people-first solutions. Michael Dragan Fullstack & Blockchain Developer Blockchain enthusiast, data scientist, researcher, and backend developer. Interests include deep learning, data mining, psychology, marketing, and neuroscience. Brian Groat Strategy Runs a private index fund of 100 cryptocurrencies by marketcap. Loves learning about new technologies, business, and psychology. Reed Dennis Fullstack & Blockchain Developer Fourth Year student at Trent University specializing in computer science, software engineering, and data analytics. Prakash Murugesan Machine Learning Engineer Building systems using Computer Vision, Deep Learning and more to power a brighter future. Nikunj Varshney React & React Native Developer OCAD University grad, focused on building and shipping amazing mobile experiences with React Native. Artem Patlazhan Brand Strategist George Brown College grad with a focus on branding & marketing. Join us We're looking for self starters, people who want to have an impact, work in a new, exciting and challenging field. Advisors Dr. Liam Connor Dr. Liam Connor is an astrophysicist from Toronto, Canada. His expertise lies in mathematical modelling, machine learning, signal processing, and scientific computing. Shahab Poshtkouhi, PhD Senior Manager, Exposure and Capital Analysis at Scotiabank. As part of Scotiabank's Global Risk Management (GRM), the Market Risk group is at the forefront of managing the bank's market risk capital and stress testing program. Qasim Mian User Acquisition Manager at Hopper, worked with and propelled the growth of Plooto, Shoebox App and more. Able to grow platforms from 0 to 100 real quick. Help us grow Advise us through our journey on building a groundbreaking platform. Get early access to the beta Be one of the first to experience Hydra. If you're comfortable enough with using tools such as MetaMask and the Ethereum Test Networks or just want to keep up to date with the project you should subscribe. Email Address (required) Want API access? Are you an institution or high frequency trader with high resolution data & high volume trading needs? Get in touch and we'll work with you through the process. You can build models on top of Hydra alongside building with the API.Get in touch hello@hydra.investments ???????????? , Hydra Blockchain. TwitterLinkedInInstagramMediumCareers", 
    "CompanyName": "Scotiabank", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "hydra", 
    "Hash": "5F785244F8DD29085258F0FB52412DAE", 
    "KeyTerms": "metamask, trading, risk management, data analytics, digital asset, financial, blockchain developer, react, decentralized, machine learning, cryptocurrencies, artificial intelligence, ethereum, back end, full stack, software engineer, functional program", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "University, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://hydra.investments/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/hydra-investments-fullstack-developer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies", 
    "Salary": "0 to 100", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- hydra", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Hydra", 
    "Url": "https://hydra.investments/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
