{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.dock.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/dock-io-blockchain-developer-rust-substrate/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Dock : Verifiable Credentials",
    "Hash": "61D830DFA52D162EB6B93BCE8FC3D204",
    "Url": "https://www.dock.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "dock",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "By using this website you agree to our Cookie PolicyAccept Subscribe NameEmail Address Thanks! Successfully subscribed Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. use our w3c credential verifier ValidatorsRoadmapCase StudyDocsGetting StartedBlogContact Issue Verifiable Credentials Dock is an open source network providing infrastructure and tools for issuing verifiable credentials using blockchain technology.Get started with Testnet Subscribe to updates Dock solves many of today\u2019s digital credentialing challenges Simplicity Dock is a bespoke, one-stop-shop solution for creating decentralized identities (DIDs), creating, managing and presenting credentials. Self-sovereign identity No central issuer or provider of identities within the Dock ecosystem. Instead, the issuers control the creation and management of their own identities without the need for a central entity. Interoperability Dock is one of few solutions to incorporate standards from the industry-leading World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) and VCDM standards facilitating interoperability with other open source technologies. Open ecosystem The Dock Network is entirely open source and uses permissive, developer-friendly licenses. The network is comprised of nodes run by independent validators utilizing a staking system that incentivizes them to run the network. Tamper-proof Industry standard and well utilized cryptographic techniques combined with the Dock Blockchain provide clear and tamper-proof audit trails and blockchain anchoring for time-specific data. Built on Substrate Dock utilizes Substrate, a framework that enables Dock to adapt and iterate upon solutions rapidly for partners. Roadmap Q4 2020 Anchoring Q3 2020 Security audit Q3 2020 Validator test network Q2 2020 Interoperability Q2 2020 Northill test net Q4 2020 Token migration to Dock main net Q3 2020 Main net launch Q3 2020 Claim deduction Q2 2020 New Dock non-profit Q2 2020 Schema Learn more about the Dock roadmap in our blog post Case study Verifiable is a complete system to issue, verify and monitor credentials. Verifiable connects the healthcare ecosystem of issuing bodies, employers and individuals to provide the industry's fastest real-time license verification and monitoring solutions with proof of verification for compliance needs. Learn more Web3 Collaboration We\u2019re proud to be a significant contributor and early adopter of an ecosystem poised to revolutionize the way blockchain technology is used and applied. During the course of its ongoing development, Dock has partnered with some of the leading minds in the blockchain and web 3.0 community leading to a successful grant from the Web3 Foundation, an organization whose principal focus is research, development, deployment, funding, and maintenance of Web3 technologies. Learn more Getting Started: Northill test net These features are accessed via a client SDK that interacts with the Substrate node for Decentralized Identity (DID) CRUD operations and the creation of revocation registries. Features On-chain identity management (Implemented in accordance with the W3C specification) Revocation registry (Facilitates the revocation of credentials) Schema (Specify the structure and types of the credential's claims with JSON schema) Download the SDK Download on NPM open-source using the BSD 3 clause license view on github Once the SDK has been downloaded, it can be configured to point to a full node and then the examples can be run against the full node. Please note, this is an early release of the Dock Network. If you experience any issues, head over to our Riot chat for support Stay updated Get updates about the latest Dock news and releases Subscribe Validators Roadmap Case Study Docs Getting Started Privacy Credential Verifier Blog Contact",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- dock"
}