{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://careers.vmware.com/main"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/vmware-blockchain-developer-community-manager/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "VMware \u2013 Official Site",
    "Hash": "62E87D755FE6C39D4F03A64341FED4F0",
    "Url": "https://www.vmware.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "vmware",
    "Language": "Italian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "US 1-877-486-9273 Communities Store Login My VMware Partner Connect Registration Is Open Immerse yourself in VMworld like never before\u2060\u2014as a completely digital experience. Register Now Play Odyssey Hands-on Labs and Win Take any eligible Odyssey Lab and rank on the leaderboard to be entered for a chance to win an Apple Watch and AirPods Pro. Play Now Top Priorities That Drive Digital Transformation Today A new global survey reveals that organizations rapidly shifted digital transformation priorities during the COVID-19 pandemic. Explore the Insights A message to our VMware community about COVID-19 Top Tasks Virtual Events My VMware Downloads Find Products Training   VMware Can Help Enable Your Remote Workforce Ensuring business operations continue in the face of interruptions is critical to any organization. Learn how to maintain a productive and connected remote digital workforce by providing continuous and secure access to all applications and devices, while enabling IT to scale remote users on-demand. Read How  News and Highlights Webinar: 3 Steps to Supporting a Remote Workforce Discover key initiatives for scaling remote work in this 3-part webinar series, from securely onboarding devices to choosing the best hybrid cloud options for VDI. Save My Seat  Introducing VMware TV: The Next Generation of Webcasting Explore endless learning opportunities, including webcasts, Q&A sessions, product demos, and more\u2014all in one place and completely free. Sign Up Now  Analyst Webcast: Take Modern App Development Mainstream Register to learn how to support modern, DevOps-driven app deployments that enable developer self-service without sacrificing IT control. Save Your Seat  VMware Multi-Cloud Briefing: Become a Cloud Hero Join us on July 29th for the first in our new event series designed to help you accelerate your cloud strategies. Discover the fastest path to move your existing apps to the cloud and build new ones. Get the Details  Experience VMware Cloud The impact of cloud is undeniable. Discover how you deploy and manage any application on any cloud, while maintaining the highest level of consistent infrastructure and operations. With VMware, you have the freedom to build and deploy modern applications, from the data center to the cloud to the edge. Explore VMware Cloud  Empower Digital Learning From Any Device Tyler Independent School District maintains a secure connection to students with up-to-date content, now accessible in minutes with our virtual desktop solutions. Watch the Video (2:41) Improve Productivity and Collaboration with a Smart Working Environment Allowing staff to work remotely is a policy that Città metropolitana di Roma Capitale enabled for the first time by delivering virtual desktops and apps with the agile operations of Horizon 7. Watch the Video (3:32) Agile Development with Traditional and Modern Applications Telecommunications company KDDI delivers a new personalized service to customers at a faster speed than ever before by deploying modern applications using VMware solutions. Watch the Video (3:05) More Customer Stories  Instantly Try VMware Products Free Try Workspace ONE Hands-on Lab Enable productivity for remote workers with our secure, intelligence-driven digital workspace platform. Start Your Lab  Try Horizon 7 Hands-on Lab Experience our virtual desktop platform that provides secure access to Windows resources from anywhere. Try Horizon Free Today  Try vSphere with Kubernetes Access the cloud infrastructure that powers modern applications. Instantly Try for Free  Try VMware Cloud on AWS Alleviate potential business disruptions with elastic cloud capacity that helps you scale and add new users on demand. Start Hands-on Lab  The Remote Work Genie Is Out of the Bottle. Now What? Employers across the globe are uncertain about when and how they\u2019ll welcome employees back to the office. But one thing is abundantly clear: remote work is here to stay. IT leaders of Pittsburgh Technical College and World Wide Technology explore what comes next. Read More on Radius Select Your Location We recommend you use the VMware [country] site. Or you can continue to use Worldwide site. Remember my choice below. More Option Select Your Location Please choose your country/region from the list below. Remember my choice below. North America United States (English) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Latin America Latin America (Español) Argentina (Español) Brazil (Português) Chile (Español) Colombia (Español) Costa Rica (Español) Mexico (Español) Europe Austria (Deutsch) Belgium (English) Czech Republic (Čeština) Denmark (Dansk) Finland (Suomi) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Hungary (Magyar) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (Dutch) Norway (Norsk) Russia (Русский) Poland (Polski) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Sweden (Svenska) Switzerland (Deutsch) Turkey (Türkçe) United Kingdom (English) Asia - Pacific ASEAN (English) Australia (English) China (简体中文) India (English) Indonesia (English) Japan (日本語) Korea (한국어) Malaysia (English) Singapore (English) Taiwan (繁體中文 ) Middle East & Africa Middle East & N. Africa (English) Israel (English) Saudi Arabia (العربية) South Africa (English) United Arab Emirates (العربية) Contact Sales Get Support About VMware Careers Thought Leadership © 2020 VMware, Inc Terms of Use Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Accessibility Site Map Trademarks Glossary Help",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- vmware"
}