{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://jobs.lever.co/axiomzen/148050c4-67ea-4e05-809e-13f3550814d7/apply"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/axiom-zen-site-reliability-engineer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "terraform",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Axiom Zen - Site Reliability Engineer",
    "Hash": "66983D3250D2DEA737ABF9BB2452D747",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/axiomzen/148050c4-67ea-4e05-809e-13f3550814d7?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Site Reliability Engineer Vancouver, BC / Dapper Labs \u2013 Technology / Full-time Apply for this job We\u2019re looking for an experienced Site Reliability Engineer to join our SRE team at the technical core of an organization that\u2019s completely reshaping how distributed applications on blockchains can reach massive audiences.  We depend on SRE's ability to both architect, build, and iterate on resilient, scalable systems, and also to guide the rest of the engineering team.  You\u2019ll join our highly motivated team and help us launch reliable products and services with your experience and skills.  You\u2019ll play a key role in improving our in-house systems and you\u2019ll work closely with Engineering as a whole to research and apply the latest and greatest technology to our stack. You\u2019ll be empowered to fully apply your experience, lessons learned, and leadership skills in an environment with little tech debt, no on-prem servers, and a strong foundation based on GKE. Every day, you\u2019ll collaborate with a world-class team in our Vancouver office. Every one of us shares a common vision: to create the future we want to live in. We need the right people to help us realize that vision. What we\u2019ll accomplish together: Develop effective infrastructure for our projects to deploy onto, ensuring projects are scalable, resilient, and reliable in support of growing products. Iterate on processes to improve our ability to ship fast while maintaining high quality systems that we can depend on. Enhance tools and automation to fill the gaps in our current systems as well as build entirely new ones as we face bigger and more complex challenges. Respond to infrastructure incidents and support the larger Engineering team with their product incident response strategy.  Perform postmortems and in-depth root cause analysis to ensure we are always improving. A little about you: You have experience working with orchestrations systems like Kubernetes. You have experience collecting and processing metrics from tools such as Prometheus/Datadog/NewRelic, and can walk teams through setting up SLO and SLI targets. You have experience building and working on deployment systems. You are comfortable with responding to production incidents and can fight fires with a calm and level head, leveraging post mortems to apply lessons learned. You have experience coding and developing applications. Bonus points for Go experience. You have experience working with Infrastructure as Code systems like Terraform or CloudFormation. You are comfortable diving into an unfamiliar system and finding your way around. You have a strong ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and build solid working relationships with everyone in the organization, from individual contributors to the CEO. While you believe in processes and the power of planning, you understand that you will often have to roll with the punches and prioritize the most impactful tasks on the fly. More about Dapper Labs: At Dapper Labs we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply for this job Axiom Zen Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever"
}