{
    "Body": "People Operations Coordinator Berlin / Business & Operations / Full-time Apply for this job The Celo mission is to build a monetary system that creates the conditions for prosperity for all. Celo aims to remove the barriers for large-scale adoption of cryptocurrencies as means-of-payment. Using a novel address-based encryption algorithm, the Celo protocol makes sending money as easy as sending a text. Additionally, Celo uses stable-value tokens pegged to fiat currencies, like the US Dollar, to minimize volatility. Celo is an open protocol enabling many to participate in the system, even with a budget Android smartphone. The first application launching on the Celo platform is a social payments and money transfer app, aimed at developing markets. Celo\u2019s first People Operations Coordinator role is an exciting opportunity to work within a fast-paced startup, where people come first. This is a unique opportunity to both be on the front-lines in representing Celo to candidates and assisting in their onboarding process after they sign. If you're interested in both recruiting and HR this is the role for you! You will: Serve as an ambassador to Celo, ensuring every candidate has an excellent experience throughout the recruiting process. Coordinate all aspects of Celo\u2019s interviews across Berlin and a small satellite office in Buenos Aires with accuracy and sense of urgency. Stay engaged with candidates, making sure they stay updated and prepared throughout the recruiting process. Build relationships with recruiters, hiring managers, and interviewers while creating an inviting and fun candidate experience. Partner with People Operations team to prepare for new hires Proactively communicate with new hires during pre-boarding You have: Passion for logistics and efficiency with the ability to effectively manage scheduling requests while putting yourself in the shoes of both candidates and interviewers. Exceptional time management and organization skills allowing you to organize competing priorities daily and to navigate ambiguity. Strong communication skills with an emphasis on being clear, concise, and friendly. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Prior experience in People Operations/HR is ideal, but not required What we offer: Competitive salary and equity grant Opportunity to work on a challenging project with an impactful mission Beautiful office space Team outings, TGIFs, and more C Labs is a Teal organization, a method of decentralized management and organizational governance. Roles are defined around the work, not people, and there is a high degree of autonomy. As such, we're all proud to hold the job title of \"Partner.\" For more information on our culture, we encourage you to check out our blog at https://medium.com/celohq/the-future-is-teal-cc264a5d51d3. To build technology and products that are used and loved by people and solve real-world problems, we need to build a team with many different perspectives and experiences. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)celo.org. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. Apply for this job Celo Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "People", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "6A62588262F1DEBCE0D1892824FA3662", 
    "KeyTerms": "algorithms, encryption, startup, android, decentralized, full time, cryptocurrencies", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Berlin, DE", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/celo", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/celo/20ba410e-4471-42e6-96eb-091898d44778/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/celo-people-operations-coordinator/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Celo - People Operations Coordinator", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/celo/20ba410e-4471-42e6-96eb-091898d44778?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
