{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://authenteq.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/authenteq-ux-ui-designer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Home | Identity Verification & KYC | Authenteq",
    "Hash": "6A94A40643866BF2807CAAF4D56F0241",
    "Url": "https://authenteq.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "authenteq",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Contact us Please leave this field empty. Select DepartmentSupportMarketingSalesOther I agree You hereby agree that we use and store the data filled in the contact form to communicate with you. You can withdraw your consent at any time by sending us an e-mail to [[email protected]]. The withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of data processing based on consent before your withdrawal. Please leave this field empty. × About Us The Latest For Developers Jobs Contact Us Verify your customers identity on any platform. We make identity verfication as frictionless as it should be. Identity Verification Without Compromise REQUEST A 30 DAY FREE TRIAL Verify your customers identity on any platform. We make identity verfication as frictionless as it should be. Identity Verification Without Compromise REQUEST A 30 DAY FREE TRIAL Verify your customers identity on any platform. We make identity verfication as frictionless as it should be. Scroll down Automated Identity Verification & KYC Authenteq provides an Omni-Channel identity verification and KYC solution that allows your customers to verify their identity through any channel without compromising their privacy. Our solution is fully automated and it works seamlessly throughout your desktop and mobile channels. For mobile, you can integrate our process directly into your own app through our powerful App-in-App SDK, or you can use our standalone Authenteq app. Whichever method you choose, know that our solution was built with precision on a foundation of security, usability, and attention to privacy.     Main Benefits of Identity Verification Without Compromise Desktop & Mobile Solution Allows your users to start and end their authentication process in the channel of their choice which reduces dropout rates. 100% Automated Process A fully automated business process that requires no decisions on your end. We simply provide a clear Approved/Not Approved response. This reduces your internal fraud risk as well as your cost. Identity Verification in Under 60 Seconds A fast and frictionless identity verification that drastically reduces dropout rates. Helps Prevent Identity Theft and Fraud This lowers your risk exposure and fraud-related losses. Fully GDPR Compliant Certified GDPR compliant and built  with Privacy by Design Easy Integration Easy to integrate into your own website, or app, so that users always stay within your brand experience. It\u2019s quick too! We will have you up and running in hours not weeks. Perform KYC at Competitive Rates Minimizes the need for costly manual intervention without increasing the verification price. Near Instant Identity Authentication Identity authentication takes under 3 seconds to complete. Raises Your Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Profile Show your customers that you care about their privacy and digital security which translates into increased brand loyalty. How Our Verification and Authentication Process Works 1 Liveness Check Using machine learning liveness algorithms we determine if the customer is a genuine human presence taking the selfie in real time and whether the ID document is authentic. 2 ID Scan Through the app customers complete the identity verification process by taking a selfie and scanning their government-issued photo ID. 3 Identity Verification We use government-grade facial recognition to verify the customer's identity by comparing the facial biometrics in the selfie photo and ID photo. Our accuracy rates with false non-match rates are lower than 0.01 and a false match rate of 0.0001. 4 eID Issued If the customer passes our verification process, we provide confirmation that the relevant aspects of the customer's identity have been verified. The initial verification process takes under 60 seconds to complete and is 100% automated. After initial verification, any authentication takes under 3 seconds to complete. Proprietary and Patent Pending Technology App Showcase Simple, fast & seamless onboarding Based on hundreds of user interviews we have taken a manual process that typically takes hours to finish and automated it to a 60 second secure and frictionless experience. How Identity Verification Without Compromise Benefits Your Business Your business benefits by having verified customers who can rest assured that their personally identifiable information (PII) is safe and not stored by Authenteq. This assurance reduces dropouts during the KYC process. With Authenteq\u2019s solution, there is simply no \u201choney pot\u201d of personal data for hackers to steal, abuse and sell.   REQUEST A DEMONSTRATION About Us Forged in the fiery crucible of the Icelandic startup scene, Authenteq is a company on a mission to revolutionize the identity verification and authentication business\u2026 when that\u2019s done we have much bigger plans! We are driven by the principles of security and privacy by design. We do not compromise on our principles. We prefer dogs to cats but we love both. Our Series A funding was led by Draper Associates and Capital300 and closed in January 2019. The round closed exceptionally fast and we are already putting the funding to good use by bringing on highly talented people to support our mission. We have people in six countries, and our main offices are in Berlin, Germany and Reykjavik, Iceland. If we sound like a good fit for your next job change then go check out our open positions. Trusted By OUR OFFICES Reykjavik: Laugavegur 163, 105 Reykjavik, Iceland Berlin: Bernauerstrasse 49, 10435 Berlin, Germany London: 86-90 Paul Street, EC2A 4NE London, UK Palo Alto: 480 Ramona Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301, USA GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION INQUIRIES [email protected] OUR MEDIA Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Authenteq LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/authenteq Twitter: https://twitter.com/authenteq Medium: https://medium.com/authenteq/ Reykjavik Laugavegur 163 105 Reykjavik, Iceland Berlin Bernauerstrasse 49 10435 Berlin, Germany London 3rd Floor 86-90 Paul Street EC2A 4NE London, UK Palo Alto 480 Ramona Street Palo Alto, CA 94301, USA ©2020 Authenteq, All Rights Reserved | Impressum | ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- authenteq"
}