{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://boards.greenhouse.io/dfinity/jobs/4678476002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/dfinity-growth-marketing-manager/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Job Application for Growth Marketing Manager at DFINITY",
    "Hash": "750A6300EB03BC609ED31D3B85A2566B",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/dfinity/jobs/4678476002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Apply Now Growth Marketing Manager at DFINITY Palo Alto | San Francisco DFINITY is reimagining the Internet as a public network that hosts secure software and services. The Internet Computer is a new technology stack that is unhackable, fast, scales to billions of users around the world, and supports a new kind of autonomous software that promises to reverse Big Tech\u2019s monopolization of the internet. DFINITY was founded in 2016 by Dominic Williams and is backed by top-tier institutions including Polychain Capital and Andreessen Horowitz. DFINITY is looking for a creative, analytical, collaborative growth marketer to join our fast-growing team. This person will partner closely with Product, Engineering, Go-to-Market, and Communications teams. Most importantly, you will help the Marketing team achieve acquisition, retention and product adoption goals to accelerate the growth trajectory of the Internet Computer \u2014 a $3.9 trillion dollar market opportunity.  The ideal candidate has expertise in growth and performance marketing strategy and tactics \u2014 reflected in a successful track record of executing product-growth improvements, marketing-growth campaigns, and operations projects. You will work closely with your DFINITY team members, the industry's most distinguished team of distributed computing engineers, cryptographers and functional experts, to give people a glimpse into the infinite possibilities of building on the Internet Computer. If this sounds like a good fit for you, come join us for a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Responsibilities Partner with leadership to scope and execute growth and performance marketing strategies needed to accelerate platform adoption.  Define and implement growth strategies, key growth metrics and targets. Leverage user research and market insights to uncover developer and enterprise habits and preferences. Continuously assess the market to identify strategic market and developer opportunities. Present weekly, monthly, and quarterly market, initiative-level, growth and optimization scenarios to the leadership team. Lead constant, iterative improvement of our growth strategy to hit platform adoption goals. Partner with cross-functional teams across Product, Engineering, Communications, etc  to accelerate awareness of the Internet Computer.   Track growth initiatives via dashboards. Requirements 6+ years of relevant work experience in managing and executing growth strategies and measurement. BA/BS degree 3+ years experience in a quantitative, financial or strategy role (e.g., data analytics, investment banking, management consulting, etc) Ability to synthesize data and make data-driven recommendations and decisions. Ability to articulately present and debate recommendations.  Strong track record of successful developing innovative ways to accelerate growth faster and more effectively, towards meeting Go-to-Market goals.    Creative, tough, high-character,  relentlessly focused, and able to work hard in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment to ensure a successful launch and adoption environment for the Internet Computer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website How did you hear about this job? Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- greenhouse"
}