{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/utrust-growth-marketeer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Utrust \u2014 Accept crypto payments, easily.",
    "Hash": "76578A0CBA2109B1424F8A2AE755C757",
    "Url": "https://utrust.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "utrust",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Utrust Logo For Business For Personal Get started Get started This website uses cookies. Learn more ok Accept crypto payments, easily. Merchant or a customer, you can use digital currencies for everyday goods and products with utrust. The money of tomorrow is here. Explore For Everyone Business Personal Get ready for seamless online payments, with digital currencies. Utrust is a seamless integration that gives e-commerce businesses the power to accept digital currencies - and get all the benefits you can\u2019t with just traditional payment methods. Explore We're as borderless as our payments. We help power businesses in 180+ countries and across nearly every industry. Utrust has 5 global offices (Switzerland, Portugal, Canada, US, UK) and countless people transforming how payments are done with us. Trusted by global leaders. Regardless of the industry, there\u2019s a market for digital currencies. Our partners know this best. Utrust Dashboard A dashboard built for efficiency. The Utrust merchant\u2019s dashboard has everything you need to see at the click of a button. Your business\u2019 efficiency is our priority: check order details, view transactions & manage refunds. Easy. Api Integration You have it done by the time the coffee\u2019s done brewing. You\u2019ve got things to do. With seamless integration, you don\u2019t have to wait around. Your online store can start accepting digital currencies seamlessly and most importantly: quickly. Check Documentation Utrust Wallet Your digital assets: safe and always at hand. With the Utrust wallet you can store, send, and buy everyday products all from one simple app. Say goodbye to wait times. The Utrust Wallet processes transactions instantly within our platform allowing us to cut on blockchain validation waiting times. Download Now App Store Play Store Utrust Dashboard A dashboard built for efficiency. The Utrust merchant\u2019s dashboard has everything you need to see at the click of a button. Your business\u2019 efficiency is our priority: check order details, view transactions & manage refunds. Easy. Api Integration You have it done by the time the coffee\u2019s done brewing. You\u2019ve got things to do. With seamless integration, you don\u2019t have to wait around. Your online store can start accepting digital currencies seamlessly and most importantly: quickly. Check Documentation Utrust Wallet Your digital assets: safe and always at hand. With the Utrust wallet you can store, send, and buy everyday products all from one simple app. Say goodbye to wait times. The Utrust Wallet processes transactions instantly within our platform allowing us to cut on blockchain validation waiting times. Download Now App Store Play Store Start using utrust with confidence. We've considered it all - so you can securely shop with your digital assets, anytime. Problems with crypto? Zero. Market volatility? Zero. Fraud? Eliminated. Speed? Fast. Fees? Just 1%. Wallet compatible? All. Business protection Purchase protection Compatible with all wallets Send crypto to other people Major cryptocurrencies support Zero market volatility No mining fees Low transaction fees \u201cWe're excited about the possibilities that this partnership with Utrust presents in the evolution of our e-commerce strategy.\u201d Domingos Soares de Oliveira CEO S.L.Benfica Crypto payments tailored to power your business . Reaching a growing base of customers using bitcoin, ethereum and other digital currencies is easy with utrust. Get an edge on competition with our ready-to-be integrated API, plugins for major e-commerce platforms - and the ability for our dev team to tailor it to your business. Tap into a $220 billion market and make more of your business. Accept payments in BTC ETH UTK DGB DASH Bitcoin Ethereum Utrust Digibyte Dash and get paid in USD EUR GBP Dollar Euro Pound with just 1% of fees. Why use utrust? Crypto cuts out the middleman and lets merchants keep more of their profit margin. With utrust you\u2019ll get all the advantages of payments with digital currencies while keeping business as usual. Fees Fraud Speed 1% 3\u20147% 3% Traditional Payments Current Digital Payments Don\u2019t wait any longer to bring the power of crypto to your business. Contact Sales Full protection for your purchases. Shop safely with your digital assets anywhere. We offer buyer protection to give you peace of mind and ensure your purchase satisfaction. App Store Play Store Works with any wallet No need to use our wallet only. Utrust works with all major wallets and brands available on the market. It\u2019s digital currencies for everyone, anywhere. Pay with confidence, we got your back. Buyer protection works with the major digital currencies in the world such as: Utrust Bitcoin Ethereum DigiByte Dash Why pay with digital currencies? With digital money, you are your own private bank. Purchases with digital currencies let you cut out the middlemen and eliminate transaction costs. You save by using crypto and your money stays safe with you. Why utrust? Our ecosystem has everything you need for easy shopping. Use any major currency Utrust allows you to make payments with any major digital currencies and tokens (ERC20). Our flexible solution lets decide which digital assets to pay with so you can take advantage of market conditions. Faster, cheaper, easier payments Purchasing with utrust means cutting the transaction process short. That means low fees and near instant transactions. Making a payment becomes as easy as scanning a QR code. Send crypto to other people Want to send some crypto to friends or family around the world without extra costs? Soon you will be able to make person-to-person transactions with the Utrust Wallet. Easy as it should, It\u2019s utrust. Easy as it should, It\u2019s utrust. Business Personal Your customers get to pay with crypto and you get your chosen fiat in the bank. Business as usual. Enter your e-mail Get started Sent, thanks. Error, try again. on Business Personal For Business For Personal News & Press Careers Support Utrust Logo Utrust is the leading cryptocurrency payment solution designed to modernize the finance and payments industry and solve the problems of traditional payment methods by offering instant transactions and immediate crypto-to-cash settlements for the merchant. App Store Play Store Utrust © 2020 All Rights Reserved. Terms & Privacy Refund Policy Stay up to date Enter your e-mail Subscribe Sent, thanks. Error, try again. Facebook Linkedin Twitter Medium Telegram Reddit",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- utrust"
}