{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://comcast.jibeapply.com/jobs?keywords=blockgraph%26page%3D1",
        "https://comcast.jibeapply.com/jobs?keywords=blockgraph&page=1",
        "https://www.blockgraph.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/blockgraph-software-engineer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Blockgraph",
    "Hash": "770F366785BB5A88B5D8DB7AF9F38B6E",
    "Url": "https://www.blockgraph.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "blockgraph",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Safely Share insights, not data Discover About Blockgraph Blockgraph is creating the world\u2019s safest way to use data and share information, built with privacy and security at its core. Why we created blockgraph 01 Why we created blockgraph Audiences today watch more content on more devices than ever before, with billions of gigabytes of data created every year. When used correctly, this data can be used to enrich our lives and add real business value for publishers and marketers alike. However, today\u2019s data ecosystem is filled with opaque practices, brokers, middlemen, and precious too few controls on its use. Blockgraph turns its users into their own information platform. Users can pull insights across many private data sets in a secure way that protects the consumer\u2019s privacy. This unlocks a never-before-possible ability to understand and reach an audience across companies and devices, making data-driven video advertising more efficient and consumer data more secure. Sharing Privacy Security  Thought Leadership Said simply, the internet was designed for sharing, not for security or privacy. But when it comes to our data, we deserve all three. By joining the Blockgraph platform, users can collaborate directly with others to anonymously match audiences, form and safely share insights, and keep actual data private and secure. All without any vendors, middlemen or brokers needed. Discover the platform Back Blockgraph Platform Blockgraph is a peer-to-peer platform that creates greater audience resolution and data scale across the TV and premium video ecosystem. Discover the Platform 02 The Platform By joining the Blockgraph platform and deploying its software, participants may activate their audience data in a safe and secure manner. The software provides marketers, publishers, and distributors the ability to anonymously and securely match audience segments in order to enable better ad targeting, measurement, reporting, and more. All of this is done directly and without any vendors, middlemen or brokers needed. Community The Blockgraph community consists of participants and applications. Participants Participants are first-party data owners in the New TV ecosystem who wish to use their data securely without a 3rd party matching entity. Marketers: Reduce your marketing spend waste by uniquely targeting your customers across screens Measure true ROI by linking customer viewership, purchase, and exposure data Publishers: De-duplicate audience reach across all screens Improve yield with more efficient planning and targeting Operators and Distributors: Ability to monetize \u201cwalled off\u201d audience data securely and safely Protect sensitive subscriber information Applications Applications provide the tools to safely enable the use of this data across a variety of business functions for addressable advertising and personalization. Blockgraph is designed to allow applications to integrate with the system on behalf of participants. Unlock business value across distributed data. The possibilities to solve real business problems in the new paradigm are limitless. Bring your imagination. Application providers can range from existing and new third-party ad technology vendors to participant-built applications. Blockgraph co will ensure the safety of applications through its certification and monitoring process. Contact us to learn more Value Proposition For advertisers Safely activate your customer data across the \u201cnew TV\u201d ecosystem Reduce your waste by uniquely targeting your customers across screen Measure and improve true ROI by analyzing your customers\u2019 viewing and purchase information For publishers Augment your audience with other insights Improve yield with more efficient planning and targeting Measure and improve true post-campaign analysis For Data owners Safely monetize insights Create new revenue opportunities by safely monetizing information Protect against exposing sensitive data without needing any third-party involvement Privacy by design Blockgraph software is created with privacy and security at its core Blockgraph software is deployed entirely on participant secured and protected systems This software enables participants to securely and anonymously link audiences with other participants in a way that respects all consumer\u2019s rights Actual private data never leaves participant systems Each participant controls which queries they answer from others The architecture enables rights management at the data owner/device/person level giving participants the ability to enforce consumer preferences About Us Back Our Company Headquartered in New York City, we\u2019re on a mission to create the world\u2019s safest, most trusted way to use data and share information. About Us 03 What we value Respect for consumers Privacy and security are at the core of everything we do. Act like owners We set up teams to own problems and expect them to drive results and efficiently use resources. Bias for action Speed matters. A little Leeroy Jenkins is a good thing. Passionate, not stressed We love solving problems but don\u2019t take ourselves too seriously. We laugh, a lot. Growth mindset We have a passion for learning, innovation, gaining diverse perspectives, and simplifying our products. Good communicators We communicate to be understood and listen to understand others. Shared commitment We make our ideas known, but commit to fully seeing through decisions once they are made. In the News \"Comcast Is Working With Spectrum and Viacom on a Blockchain-Based Identity Solution\" - ADWEEK \"Comcast Unveils Its Blockchain-Based Data Sharing Solution To Power Addressable TV\" - AdExchanger \"5 Technologies That Are Reshaping Customer Experience\" - CMO.com Meet the team Jason Manningham General Manager We make our ideas known, but commit to fully seeing through decisions once they are made. Jason Manningham General Manager Jason Manningham General Manager John Maheswaran, PhD Product & Engineering Jason Manningham General Manager Curtis Younker Product & Engineering Jason Manningham General Manager Rajeev Vijay Business Development & Community Rajeev Vijay Business Development & Community Ishtiak Shah Product & Engineering Ishtiak Shah Product & Engineering Aziza Jamgerchinova Product & Engineering Aziza Jamgerchinova Product & Engineering Akash Mantry Product & Engineering Akash Mantry Product & Engineering Nicholas Souris Product & Engineering Nicholas Souris Product & Engineering Come work with us Back Contact Office: 1407 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10018 For all inquiries, contact [email protected] Content 01About 02Platform 03Company 04Contact 05Join Us Contact Email us: For all inquiries, please contact us at: [email protected] Office: 1407 Broadway, 12th Floor New York, NY 10018 Thought Leadership ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- blockgraph"
}