{
    "Body": "JavaScript must be enabled for proper operation of the site. Please enable JavaScript in your browser\u2019s settings or use the other one that supports JavaScript. Sorry, an error occurred and the server can not process your request at the moment. Try again in a few minutes. We've noticed that you can increase your chances of finding a suitable job by 85% if you enter a desired city in the \"location\" box. Login Filters Posting date anytime today 3 days 7 days Salary Any of $33.5k of $80k of $160k Other from ($): Job type Any Full-time Temporary Part-time Internship Haven\u2019t found a relevant job? Subscribe to Jooble Job Alert and receive notifications as soon as new job openings appear. Job Alerts Sign up for Job Alerts and receive new job offers from over than 70100 websites. You can cancel your Job Alerts anytime. It is free! We are here to help you to get job! It\u2019s an easy way to apply to all of those that match you perfectly. Apply Now Remote blockchain jobs 70 197 vacancies Show only remote job Get new jobs by email new Blockchain Engineer (REMOTE) AlphaPoint ????????????...Position Profile: The AlphaPoint team is looking for a talented and passionate back end Engineer to develop our industry leading blockchain solutions and digital currency exchanges. We are looking for an individual who can deliver rapid, collaborative Node.JS/C#...???????????? Houston, TX 17 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Architect Amazon Corporate LLC Are you passionate about the intersection of cloud computing, blockchain and distributed ledgers? Do you have the ability to put together unique cutting-edge solutions that bring together various technologies for breakthrough business outcomes? Do you have a unique combination...???????????? Washington DC 1 hour ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Developer CGI Position Description Our Blockchain practice is building a team of top talent dedicated to delivering the next generation of services and solutions to our Commercial, State and Local customers. We are agile practitioners, user-centric designers, data scientists, application...???????????? Lafayette, LA 15 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Engineer Activesoft, Inc. ????????????...that regulate transactions with Cryptocurrencies, integrate web services and digital wallets. Must have experience with storing Blockchain data, creating messenger applications, and dynamic real-time data transfer Must have 6 + years of experience in the IT Industry as...???????????? New York, NY 3 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Developer KE Staffing Job Description They want a Blockchain Developer that has knowledge of DAML or is willing to learn DAML. We are looking for a blockchain developer who will be responsible for designing, implementing, and supporting a distributed blockchain-based network. Your primary responsibility...???????????? Chicago, IL 16 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Developer Louisiana Economic Development CGI seeks a Blockchain Developer. Required Skills bull Occasional travel as needed to customer locations. bull Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, IT, MIS, Engineering, or related fields. bull 2-5 years of full-stack software development experience bull Experience in...???????????? Lafayette, LA 5 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Full-Stack Developer (Blockchain) Ernst & Young ????????????...The opportunity EY's Canadian Blockchain Development Team in our Technology Consulting group is expanding and looking to hire an intermediate...????????????????????????...and technologies. You know how to work effectively in a remote environment, but when circumstances permit would have no...???????????? Canada 17 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! Blockchain Engineer Dock ????????????...dock.io is seeking a senior blockchain engineer who is passionate about technology, loves code, and capable of taking initiative. Primary Responsibilities:???????????? - Develop, build and maintain smart contracts.???????????? - Plan and design token mechanics with the team.???????????? - Be...???????????? Remote 24 days ago Remote job Senior Blockchain Engineer (Remote) SalsaMobi Talent Job Description We are seeking a remote Senior Blockchain Engineer to join a U.S. based distributed team of senior engineers to deliver market leading software solutions. * Lead the development of software with real users * Adhere to agile development best practice...???????????? Austin, TX 21 days ago Remote job Blockchain Developer - 100% REMOTE - Node.js, REACT, Go $150k - $200k CyberCoders ????????????...- Prior working experience with public key cryptography (and blockchain) - Server side and blockchain experience is a plus - Experience...????????????????????????...- Vision So, if you are a Blockchain Developer - 100% REMOTE with experience, please apply today! This job is open to telecommute...???????????? Los Angeles County, CA more than 2 months ago new Blockchain Developer / Consultant Pull Skill Technologies Title Blockchain Developer Duration long term (1 yr+) Location Jersey City, NJ Role Strong Blockchain developer with good experience other technologies Blockchain - EthereumQuorum or Hyperledger Thorough understanding of blockchain principles Understanding of mining, block...???????????? Jersey City, NJ 16 hours ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new DAML Blockchain Developer Encore Consulting Services DAML Blockchain Developer Chicago, IL Contract Only 9-12 month contract C2C All Visarsquos welcome Banking Industry DIGITAL ASSET MODELING LANGUAGE (DAML) DAML highly preferred but will train if you know several other languages. A strong experienced Developer (not an Architect...???????????? Chicago, IL 3 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Remote Blockchain Senior Platform Architect in Chicago VirtualVocations A staffing agency is in need of a Remote Blockchain Senior Platform Architect in Chicago. Core Responsibilities Include: Architecting and innovating a large-scale and scalable real-time platform Creating solutions for blockchain integrations at scale Working with Engineering...???????????? Rockford, IL 2 days ago Remote job Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Developer 80Twenty ????????????...We have partnered with one of the fastest growing Smart IoT, AI and Blockchain organizations in the search for a Senior Blockchain Lead to join their team. The company is focused on becoming the global leader in enhanced and proprietary AI & Blockchain R&D to reduce...???????????? New York, NY 2 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Lead Blockchain Architect Stellar ????????????...with engineers, product managers, and business leaders to realize product visions Work on the hard problems in crypto, such as blockchain interoperability and privacy Play a key role in the direction of the Stellar network advising on scalability, trust models,...???????????? San Francisco, CA 3 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Software Engineer, Blockchain Block.One ????????????...Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++ code. Develop blockchain solutions and provide support for blockchain development.???????????? Implement performance and quality modules. Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems...???????????? Blacksburg, VA 3 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Software Engineer - Blockchain Developer Aden Staff ROLE Software Engineer - Blockchain Developer LOCATION San Jose, CA DURATION estimated 6 months Role Responsibilities We are looking for a Blockchain Developer to join us on the sprint that takes us from prototype to MVP. You will be an integral piece of the team, joining...???????????? San Jose, CA 1 day ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Architect Infosys Ltd ????????????...Blockchain Enterprise Architect Richardson, TX ( Travel Job) Full time Description: Infosys is seeking a Senior Enterprise Architect with extensive knowledge and experience of development and architecture in Enterprise Java Applications/Platforms...???????????? Richardson, TX 2 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Blockchain Technology Architect infosys ????????????...The Blockchain Solutions Architect at Infosys must have good understanding of the Hyperledger Fabric framework configuration and underlying architecture. This individual is responsible for collaborating with the clients Blockchain team and implementing the solution...???????????? Richardson, TX 4 days ago Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! new Senior Blockchain Developer - Saint Louis, MO (Remote) KellyOCG Senior Blockchain Developer - Saint Louis, MO (Remote) Location - Initially remote (3-5 months) but then will have to relocate to Saint Louis, MO Direct Hire Role - W2We are currently looking for Senior Developers with a demonstrable interest in blockchain technologies...???????????? Saint Louis, MO 3 days ago Remote job Was the vacancy useful to you? Yes, I have sent my CV Yes, I called Doesn't fit Complain What has happened? Vacancy didn't open These are scammers! I didn't understand what happened Other Please describe the problem Send Thank you for your feedback \u2013 very helpful! 1234567891011 Job Alerts Sign up for Job Alerts and receive new job offers from over than 70100 websites. You can cancel your Job Alerts anytime. ???????????? 2007-2020 jooble About Jooble About Jooble ????????????ustomer support Work in cities Partnership For ATS For Job Boards For Publishers Additional Mobile View Popular Searches Jobs in USA Terms of Service Popular requests Location San Francisco, CA remote blockchain New York, NY remote blockchain Los Angeles, CA remote blockchain Austin, TX remote blockchain Portland, OR remote blockchain Chicago, IL remote blockchain Seattle, WA remote blockchain Denver, CO remote blockchain Philadelphia, PA remote blockchain San Diego, CA remote blockchain Jobs by Location Similar Jobs sap sd remote work remote call center quality analyst remote (work from home) technical support representative blockchain react node js developer (remote) Other Jobs security escort free IT training and placement sap sd remote work bilingual spanish virtual assistant work at home plc programmer Company VirtualVocations AlphaPoint Arweave simplestaking.com ltd Synechron CyberCoders Time for a new Job? remote blockchain Yes, get me hired today No, thanks You job alert is created. You will start receiving your job listings tomorrow morning. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic. More info Accept", 
    "CompanyName": "Architect", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "jooble", 
    "Hash": "777CAA8CBA5A4C14AB0FFC65B3B2FAEE", 
    "KeyTerms": "privacy, react, nodejs, remote, cryptocurrencies, artificial intelligence, banking, cloud, java, smart contract, software engineer, cloud computing, hyperledger, digital asset, blockchain developer, exchanges, product manager, cryptography, interoperability, full time, dlt, javascript, blockchain interoperability, back end, internet of things, stellar, fabric, agile", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-bilingual-spanish-virtual-assistant", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-blockchain", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-free-IT-training-and-placement", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Austin%2C-TX", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Chicago%2C-IL", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Denver%2C-CO", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Los-Angeles%2C-CA", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/New-York%2C-NY", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Philadelphia%2C-PA", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Portland%2C-OR", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/San-Diego%2C-CA", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/San-Francisco%2C-CA", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain/Seattle%2C-WA", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain?p=2", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-call-center-quality-analyst", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-sap-sd-remote-work", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-security-escort", 
        "https://jooble.org/jobs-work-at-home-plc-programmer", 
        "https://jooble.org/m/jobs-remote-blockchain"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fjooble.org%2Fjobs-remote-blockchain&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjH--OShZ7qAhWiIDQIHUA8DNcQFjANegQIAxAB&usg=AOvVaw3oGWL15Yj8e8AoHZrOrnTL", 
    "PostedDate": "17 hours ago", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "of $33.5k of $80k", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- jooble", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Urgent! Remote blockchain jobs - June 2020 (with Salaries!) | Jooble", 
    "Url": "https://jooble.org/jobs-remote-blockchain"
}
