{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.enigma.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/enigma-protocol-solidity-engineer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Enigma \u2013 Securing the Decentralized Web",
    "Hash": "78AF7E60B4A8628CA932880E630BF7F3",
    "Url": "https://www.enigma.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "enigma",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Go to home page About Products Secret Network English English Join the Community Menu English English JavaScript Required We\u2019re sorry, but this website needs JavaScript enabled to run correctly. Please, turn it on and come back. Reload Page How to Enable JavaScript Enigma is securing the future of the web. Want to build a better internet? Solve for privacy. Enigma builds and supports groundbreaking privacy-focused technologies and networks. We are a core contributor to the Secret Network, a unique blockchain-based network where computations can be performed on encrypted data. Enigma's mission: improve the adoption and usability of privacy-first products, for the benefit of all. About Enigma About Secret Network Data Privacy Blockchains are bad at privacy by design. This greatly limits the kinds of decentralized applications that can be built in every field, from finance to gaming to healthcare. Usability Decentralized applications are difficult to use, and without privacy, many new problems are created for users trying to interact with these applications. Scalability Intensive and repetitive computations on blockchains are often far too slow and expensive to be viable. Data Silos Current solutions for sharing data lead to centralized data silos that restrict value creation and create single points of failure. The web needs our help. Enigma started at MIT in 2015 with a vision: solve the privacy crisis caused by today's broken, over-centralized internet. A more decentralized internet, based on decentralized protocols and privacy-first products, can create enormous value, opportunity, and freedom for millions of people. But to realize this dream, we must first solve many challenges. About Enigma About Secret Network Step 1 A developer writes \"secret\" smart contracts and deploys them to the Secret Network. Step 2 Users submit encrypted data to Secret Network that can\u2019t be read by anyone else \u2014 including the node doing the computation. Step 3 A \"secret node\" performs the computation, and returns the result. Step 4 The work is verified as correct, and payment is released to the secret node that performed the work. Enigma builds solutions. Enigma's technologies help solve these challenges by keeping all data used for computations encrypted and secure. This means more value, more opportunity, and more usability. Enigma is a core contributor to the Secret Network, working to expand the capabilities of the network and Secret Apps. Here's how it works. What We Build Secret Network Docs Who are we? The Enigma team and Secret Network community are builders, researchers, explorers, and pioneers dedicated to growing global adoption of privacy-first and decentralized technologies. Join us in our mission. Secret Network Blog Secret Foundation Subscribe to Our Updates Please, enter correct e-mail You\u2019ve been subscribed successfully You\u2019re already subscribed OK © 2020 Enigma Enigma Blog SEC Settlement ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- enigma"
}