{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://globalcareers-goldmansachs.icims.com/jobs/intro?hashed=-435624197&mobile=false&width=570&height=500&bga=true&needsRedirect=false&jan1offset=-300&jun1offset=-240",
        "https://www.goldmansachs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/index.html",
        "https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/possibilities/index.html"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/goldman-sachs-gs-accelerate-digital-asset-project-manager/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Goldman Sachs",
    "Hash": "7D527EC6DA752E189E0175FB9A8F46F1",
    "Url": "https://www.goldmansachs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "goldmansachs",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "  Our Firm What We Do Insights Citizenship Careers Investor Relations Media Relations Client Login Worldwide exit menu   Our Firm What We Do Insights Citizenship Careers Investor Relations Media Relations Client Login Worldwide Search here... Go exit search Making Progress Towards Racial Equity At Goldman Sachs, we have long been committed to promoting inclusion, diversity, and equity. Yet there is more to be done. Learn More Goldman Sachs Conference Call to Announce 2020 Second Quarter Results The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. plans to announce its 2020 second quarter financial results on July 15th, 2020. Read More The Way Forward: Five Topics, Five Days, One Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs virtually convened business leaders, policymakers and healthcare experts from June 15 to 19, 2020 for a live series of timely and informative conversations on the way forward during these unprecedented times. Watch Videos The Way Forward: Five Topics, Five Days, One Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Research Face Masks and GDP The sharp increase in confirmed coronavirus cases in the US Sun Belt has led investors to worry about renewed broad lockdowns with large negative effects on GDP. But there are other ways to reduce infections, and Goldman Sachs Research argues that a national mandate to wear face masks in public settings could partially substitute for lockdowns that would otherwise subtract nearly 5% from GDP. Read Report Face Masks and GDP Supporting Our Communities Goldman Sachs is committed to supporting COVID-19 relief efforts, elevating the voices of small businesses, and introducing virtual programs that support our communities. Learn More Supporting Our Communities Virtual Capitol Hill Week On June 9th -11th, more than 2,000 small business owners joined the 10,000 Small Businesses Voices Virtual Capitol Hill Week to connect with Members of Congress through 400+ online meetings to make their voices heard on Capitol Hill. Learn More Virtual Capitol Hill Week Explore More Face Masks and GDP The Daily Check-In Face Masks and GDP COVID-19 Insights from Goldman Sachs COVID-19 Markets Update: Will the Recovery Be Derailed? Exchanges at Goldman Sachs Markets Update: Will the Recovery Be Derailed? Goldman Sachs Transaction Banking   Goldman Sachs Transaction Banking Careers at Goldman Sachs Stay Up To Date Advice from our recruiters, tips for managing teams, and how we\u2019re supporting our people during COVID-19. See Our Careers Blog Students Students Professionals Professionals Possibilities Stories Possibilities Stories See Yourself Here See Yourself Here Close Students At Goldman Sachs we turn ideas into reality for our clients and communities around the world. Apply Now Explore our student programs to begin your career with us Programs and Internships Explore our student programs to begin your career with us Learn more about our firm and our people Explore Learn more about our firm and our people Our step-by-step guide and advice for applying and interviewing Prepare Our step-by-step guide and advice for applying and interviewing Professionals We look for experienced professionals with a passion for excellence who believe in the power of the team, integrity and leadership. Apply Now Find the right opportunity and apply online Search Jobs Find the right opportunity and apply online See how we help our people maximize their potential Explore See how we help our people maximize their potential Explore our teams and how they contribute to innovation Divisions Explore our teams and how they contribute to innovation Possibilities Stories How are we making things possible for our people, clients and communities? Learn More Helping clients make more informed decisions Helping clients make more informed decisions Supporting expecting parents Supporting expecting parents Accelerating innovation and collaboration within the firm Accelerating innovation and collaboration within the firm See Yourself Here At GoldmanSachs Learn More Meet Sabeen Meet Sabeen Meet Jeremy Meet Jeremy Meet Kymberlee Meet Kymberlee Our Brands Marcus by Goldman Sachs® provides consumers with no-fee personal loans and high-yield savings accounts to help them achieve financial well-being. Learn more about our personal loans and high-yield savings accounts. Ayco offers company-sponsored financial counseling programs for every employee, from entry-level to C-suite. Learn how Ayco can help create a more productive, financially well and engaged workforce.       BRIEFINGS A weekly email from Goldman Sachs about trends shaping markets, industries and the global economy. Enter to subscribe Subscribe You have successfully subscribed to BRIEFINGS Privacy and Cookies Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Security Regulatory Disclosures Site Map Client Logins Employee Login Alumni Network © 2020 Goldman Sachs",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- goldmansachs"
}