{
    "Body": "Senior Technical Product Manager San Francisco / Product / Full Time Apply for this job Chronicled is reshaping and streamlining business processes in the Pharmaceutical industry using the latest technological achievements and proprietary advancements based on Blockchain and advanced cryptography. It has established the decentralized MediLedger Network, which connects the pharmaceutical industry and runs some of its most mission critical processes. It is one of the leading players in the blockchain industry and is ushering a new enterprise software paradigm that respects privacy and gives control back to the companies.???????????? As a Technical Product Manager at Chronicled, you will be working with a cross-functional team of engineers, QA, software architects, and business system analysts to plan and deliver blockchain-based enterprise products through careful planning of sprints, thorough business analysis, understanding technical landscape and constraints, writing user stories, and driving development and testing. This position will initially report to the Chief Product Officer.???????????? What you'll do: Gain subject matter expertise in the relevant business domain and develop an appreciation for customer pain points Gain a thorough understanding of the solution and system designManage and prioritize key deliverables, dependencies, and milestones by collaborating with engineering, business, third parties, etc. Understand business goals, anticipate roadblocks, and understand inter-dependencies to define priorities and schedules. Write product requirement documents and other relevant documentation????????????Break down the product requirements into an actionable backlog of user stories. Coordinate with the engineering team to plan epics and stories Write Jira epics and stories and maintain the Jira backlog Work with the QA team to produce well defined acceptance criteria and tests Ensure execution of the stories and tasks as per timeline Qualifications: BS in Computer Science or equivalent technical background MS or MBA (preferred) 4+ years of experience as Technical Product Manager Ability to learn quickly, operate autonomously, and manage projects to delivery Background in enterprise software development or deployment preferred Deep understanding of APIs, microservices, and event-driven architecture Deep understanding of the software and product development lifecycle High analytical and problem solving skills Sound business and technical judgement in planning and decision making???????????? Experience with Jira, LucidChart, and product management tools At Chronicled we take pride in our Total Rewards Package which is available to all full time Chronicled Employees: Competitive Rewards: Comprehensive and competitive employment and rewards packages for all employees Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision. 401k, 529 College Saving Plan, Gym Membership, Commuter Benefits, Employee Perks Program Equipment: Macbook pro and accessories standard issue. As well as a modern fully stocked office space with many amenities Daily Meals: Come to work hungry\u2014our healthy catered lunch options and ample drinks and snacks make sure your body and soul are always well-fueled. Location: Centrally located and easily accessible offices in San Francisco Flexibility: We believe flexibility comes in multiple forms. Freedom to express yourself with an open startup casual dress code, Flexible schedules. Best of all we have an unlimited vacation policy that allows you to get the rest and relaxation you need to refresh. Welcoming Culture: We call ourselves a family for a reason. We foster a fun and creative atmosphere where anyone can openly contribute ideas, feel appreciated, and feel empowered to be who they are. Fun is also highly encouraged! Frequent offsite team building events and weekly happy Recognition: Respect and prominence due to work contributions, working on cutting edge technology. Our employees are celebrated and recognized for their contributions Variety:????????????Opportunities to experience different job tasks, change????????????responsibilities, and project opportunities Workload: Challenging and fast paced work. There is never a dull moment in our Enterprise Blockchain Laboratory. Work Importance: The typical Chronicled team member has a bias for action. We do. We build. We step outside of the scope. We believe we will change the world. Control your own Destiny: Ability to influence others and control one\u2019s own destiny.???????????????????????? Advancement: Opportunities to get ahead both personally and professionally. Apply for this job Chronicled.com Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "Employee", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "7E4A7C27944ED981B48099431CD9545F", 
    "KeyTerms": "enterprise software, pharmaceutical, analytical and problem solving, analytical, startup, product manager, cryptography, privacy, decentralized, full time, jira, microservices", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Francisco, Mississippi, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/chronicled-2/6f5c17c6-2550-450b-95bb-f16b47fa1755/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/chronicled-senior-technical-product-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Chronicled.com - Senior Technical Product Manager", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/chronicled-2/6f5c17c6-2550-450b-95bb-f16b47fa1755?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
