{
    "Body": "Insight & Control over your corporate accounts Adjoint Treasury is a real-time payments and settlement platform for corporate treasury Partnered with Unlock global liquidity About Adjoint Treasury We built Adjoint to offer simple, powerful solutions for finance professionals. Adjoint Treasury represents the next generation of treasury software for enterprises seeking to unlock global liquidity. Our fully transparent, efficient, and secure treasury platforms place your funds where they're needed most. Eliminate manual process delays, while improving data security and collection to ultimately focus on delivering strategic value. global Global Visibility Round-the-clock view & control of multi-currency liquidity across banks. integration Easy Integration API-based integration to connect your corporate infrastructure to unlock immediate value reconiliation Auto-Reconcilliation Fulfill human capital goals by automating manual processes Secure & Private Advanced cryptography ensures privacy in multi-party transactions Deloitte Memorandum On treasury structures and Adjoint Treasury How are the biggest multinational players in corporate treasury structuring their treasury organisation? Deloitte covers common methods of centralised vs decentralised treasury structures and Adjoint Treasury. How Adjoint Treasury works Increase Visibility. Reduce Costs. Maximize Productivity. Adjoint Treasury augments your traditional TMS software capabilities with in-house banking features powered by a workflow engine that enables contract and cash management automation. traditional-treasury Traditional Treasury Today\u2019s sophisticated systems lack true integration. Treasurers are tasked with optimizing cash and liquidity. To achieve those ends, they utilize some of the most complex software available. Too often these tools don't communicate well. Adjoint Treasury Excess Capital W o r k ing C apital R equi r eme n ts Adjoint Treasury Adjoint Treasury's Virtual Account module integrates with a single or multiple FX bank accounts. Referencing that account - Adjoint Treasury creates virtual accounts for each entity or workflow and funds move between accounts in real-time on the ledger. Resources Treasury Knowledge Base Download our industry research and whitepapers, case studies and brochures. Insurance Inter-entity Booking & Settlement Case Study Learn how Adjoint Treasury empowered a global insurer by automating manual processes and by improving capital efficiency. Download How Adjoint Treasury Automation Works Brochure Learn the basics of how Adjoint Treasury can automate intercompany workflows. Download Cash Management Transformation Reference Card Learn how to streamline cash managment processes to gain visibility & better manage global liquidity. Download Product Adjoint Connect Technology Developers Team Careers News blog Events Adjoint UK LTD. Spaces, CityPoint. 1 Ropemaker St, London EC2Y 9ST UK Adjoint Inc. The Yard 120 Saint James Ave, 6th Floor, Boston, MA USA Adjoint Schweiz AG Grafenaustrasse 15 6300 Zug Switzerland Contact & Legal +44 207 153 1138 info@adjoint.io ", 
    "CompanyName": "Adjoint Adjoint", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "adjoint", 
    "Hash": "80586D04411AFFABF74B6528E2563023", 
    "KeyTerms": "financial, cryptography, privacy, decentralized, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.adjoint.io/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/adjoint-ui-ux-designer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralised", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- adjoint", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Home - Adjoint Adjoint enables financial insight & control over corporate treasury.", 
    "Url": "https://www.adjoint.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
