{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://multis.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/multis-marketing-manager/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Multis - Crypto-first business banking",
    "Hash": "81E7D9DC59D74356D9E08C049219239B",
    "Url": "https://multis.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "multis",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "We're hiring ! We're hiring !About usPricing Sign in Crypto-first business banking A powerful interface for companies to make the most of their crypto Store with permissions Earn interest Streamline payments Open account They back us Store safely Multi-signature wallets are the most secure way to store crypto. With Multis, we're building a smarter way to manage them. Invite team members and manage permissions. Keep access to your company's funds through built-in key recovery system. Stay in control: Multis never holds your company's funds. Get started for free Earn effortlessly Crypto sits idle most of the time. We're on a mission to change that. Earn higher interest on your company's stablecoins like DAI or USDC. Connect to lending markets where loans are over-collateralized and collateral value monitored in real-time to prevent credit risk. Lend and withdraw 24/7 \u2014 just like a modern savings account. Get started for free Streamline payments Crypto payments are faster and cheaper than international wire transfers. Start now. Save counterparties and employee details to pay directly from your address book. Set roles and spending policies for your team. Track balance and activity through email notifications and transaction history. Get started for free Transactions Counterparties Run business on crypto Token swap Swap between 70+ ETH tokens including stablecoins. Crypto exchange Convert USD and EUR into ETH and stablecoins. Transaction history Add transaction details to make accounting easier. Direct transfers Set allowances and let your team spend on the go for petty expenses. ENS addresses Send to readable counterparty addresses \u2014 no more 0x cryptic addresses. Insurance Get a live quote and insure your company's multi-signature wallet. Advanced investing Invest in easy-to-use automated trading strategies to accumulate ETH. And more. Custom calls Save custom smart contracts and make calls from the company's multi-signature wallet. Coming soon Crypto and fiat-enabled business account Crypto is happening, but EUR and USD are not going away. We're taking Multis one step further and making these interoperable from a single online banking account, designed for companies. That's right: crypto, but also EUR and USD accounts, cards and IBANs! Join waitlist Your company's funds are secure Battle-tested Multis builds on the community-approved and thoroughly-audited Gnosis multi-signature wallet, which is storing over $1B of ETH. Non-custodian Multis doesn't have access to your funds and doesn't store your private keys. And never will. You're in charge. Light-weight Multis deploys a simple static website. The attack surface is drastically reduced. They made us blush This is the kind of practical business operation improvement that I'm excited by programmable smart contracts: @multisHQ supporting \"allowances\" for ERC20 tokens so that staff can spend directly from the company multisig wallet Boris Mann Co-founder & CEO @Fission Just discovered @multisHQ - finally someone is building a Revolut-like banking experience for businesses, powered by crypto! Alex Svanevik Founder & Data Scientist @D5 Decentralized asset management is the future. @multisHQ and @SetProtocol leading the way! Esteban Castaño Co-founder and CEO @TRM I highly recommend @multisHQ as a frontend for Gnosis Multisig. Alex Van de Sande UX designer @Ethereum @multisHQ I just discovered Multis and I'm thrilled, this is exactly what we've wanted for over a year now.  All we need is the ability to calculate capgains and output to csv for tax purposes! Flex Dapps Dapp development We're building with them Lending protocol Human-readable crypto addresses Multisignature wallet protocol Gas relay protocol Token swap protocol Crypto exchange \u2014 credit card Multi-signature insurance protocol Web3 authentification app Crypto exchange \u2014 wire transfers Payment request protocol Automated trading protocol Query protocol for blockchains Crypto exchange \u2014 wire transfers Wanna build the future of business banking with us ?Contact us at partners@multis.co Multis, crypto-first business banking A powerful interface for companies to make the most of their crypto Open account Multis, Inc. 490 Post Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, Earth © 2020. All rights reserved Follow us Want to fight the good fight? We\u2019re hiring Want to know more about our adventures? Here\u2019s the blog Join our waitlist First name*Last name*Job title*Company*Country of Incorporation*E-mail*How did you hear about us?*Select oneWord of mouthGoogleBlogSocialOther Cancel Thank you! Your submission has been received! Close Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- multis"
}