{
    "Body": "You are on the website for our Regulation A offering of Props at www.propsproject.com/offering. You are not on the Props Project website at www.propsproject.com. No securities are being offered pursuant to the Regulation A offering on or through the Props Project website at www.propsproject.com. You have left the website for the Props Offering Circular at www.propsproject.com/offering. No securities are being offered pursuant to the Regulation A offering on or through the Props Project website at www.propsproject.com. Got it YouNow, Inc. will be relying on temporary rules issued by the SEC on March 26, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, to delay the filing of its annual report for 2019, on the SEC\u2019s Form 1-K, by up to 45 days, from the usual filing deadline of April 29, 2020 to June 15, 2020. About Us Blog Blog Token Grants Contact Careers Join email list Whitepaper A new way for apps to reward users with a financial stake in the network1 Apps reward and engage their users with Props Tokens. Users hold Props to get in-app benefits & upside potential. Watch video See footnotes at bottom of page AN INDUSTRY-WIDE PROBLEM Currently, users who contribute time, money, data and energy to apps are not properly rewarded An open-source solution Props directs value back to the users who create it, aligning network incentives, and boosting user engagement and loyalty Props is a loyalty program on steroids: on top of in-app benefits, Props turns engagement with the network into a financial stake2 Apps add Props to reward engaged users Deploy a loyalty rewards program with a killer feature Use a simple API plug-in; no changes to app\u2019s set up3 Supercharge your network at zero cost4 Currency network effects, across apps5 Start building with Props \u2014 it's free Learn more Users get in-app benefits & a financial stake in the network1 Earn Props by engaging with your favorite apps Accumulate Props across apps to unlock functionality5 The more value a user generates, the more Props they earn Holding Props = stake in the network & upside potential How do users earn & use Props in apps? See showcase Props Protocol Rewards Automatically grants tokens to apps based on their verifiable portion of the activity in the Props economy, as transparently and publicly recorded on the PropsChain by independent validators Apps Define the type of user activity an app wants to encourage, and reward their relevant users with Props the app earns from the Protocol Users Earn for engaging with an app. Users accumulate Props and benefit from in app functionality across participating apps, and the potential financial value of having a stake in the network. Download the whitepaper PropsChain & Protocol Rewards Engine verifiable data7 content, attention, measurable value Become a PropsChain Validator Apply What's new Props are empowering >1 Million token users & driving engagement across popular apps Camfrog Xsplit YouNow Listia Paltalk Not all of the apps listed have completed the process of integrating into the Props Network. Please refer to the Offering Circular for complete information about the apps that are currently on the Props Network. Start earning and using Props by actively engaging with these apps Earn Props on YouNow Earn Props on CamFrog Learn more about Props\u2019 impact on the YouNow app KPIs Read Case Study In-app benefits of Props vary between apps, and often include: Discounts on in-app items Improved status in the community Free in-app currency every day8 Access to exclusive gifts Tipping in Props See how Props work Watch Demo Press Media Coinbase Custody to List Props Token 01/08/2019 Props Meetup, NYC Blockchain Week 2019 17/05/2019 Intro to Props, NYC Blockchain Week 2019 05/06/2019 Props Announcement - ICO Summit, Zurich 19/09/2017 CEO Adi Sideman speaks at NYSE 02/10/2017 About Us The Props Project is intended to empower the people who help digital communities thrive, and create better alignment between app developers and their users. Props\u2019 open-source infrastructure creates a decentralized network of apps operated by independent developers, who share an underlying token, benefiting from collective network effects. Props abstracts blockchain\u2019s technological and regulatory complexity for apps, enabling them to easily plug Props Tokens into any app in the network, in order to grant their users unique benefits and a financial stake in the very networks they help grow. Props is backed by Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Comcast Ventures, Zeev Ventures, and others. The Props Public Benefit Corporation (PBC) guides the development of the Props open source code and tooling, evengelizes for the Props Network and is responsible for awarding grants to developers, app operators and content creators that adopt Props. The Props project was started in 2017 by YouNow, a live streaming app with 50 million registered users. YouNow launched one of the first digital-currency based two sided economies in the US in 2014, and sold over $75M worth of digital currency to its users, sharing the majority of its revenue with content creators. YouNow was also the first app to integrate Props, followed by five other multi-million user apps that have been integrating Props. Notable Investors Union Square Ventures Venrock Zeev Ventures Comcast Ventures Chris Dixon CoinFund BlockTower Capital Hashed Kryptonite1 Casey Neistat Phil Defranco Nirvana Capital Mind Fund Notation Capital Collaborative Fund Leadership Team Adi Sideman Co-founder, Props PBC Board Member read more Yonatan Sela Co-founder, Props PBC Board Member read more Peter Watts CTO read more Jonathan Achai Chief Engineer read more Advisors Jake Brukhman Founder & Managing Partner, CoinFund Nick Tomaino Founder, 1confirmation Prev: Runa Capital, Token Summit, Coinbase Doug Petkanics Founder, Livepeer John W. Gibbons CEO, DoneBy Prev: Head of Movie / TV, Amazon Manuel Araoz Co-founder & CTO, Zeppelin Jim Louderback CEO, Vidcon Ryan Sungho Kim Co-founder & Partner, Hashed Max Kogler Founder & CEO, Kognico Prev: Co-founder, MM Capital Jake Brukhman Founder & Managing Partner, CoinFund Nick Tomaino Founder, 1confirmation Prev: Runa Capital, Token Summit, Coinbase Doug Petkanics Founder, Livepeer John W. Gibbons CEO, DoneBy Prev: Head of Movie / TV, Amazon Manuel Araoz Co-founder & CTO, Zeppelin Jim Louderback CEO, Vidcon Ryan Sungho Kim Co-founder & Partner, Hashed Max Kogler Founder & CEO, Kognico Prev: Co-founder, MM Capital Get In Touch Join mailing list Join us on Telegram ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????QQ?????????????????? Adi Sideman Co-founder, Props PBC Board Member Adi Sideman is is Props Co-founder and a member of the Props Foundation Public Benefit Corporation Board. Adi is a pioneer in participatory media, an entrepreneur with more than 20 years of experience creating media apps and companies. Prior to Props, Adi founded YouNow to provide a live social platform for people to connect, interact, and express themselves.YouNow grew to be a global social network with more than 50 million registered users and over 120 million user sessions per month.YouNow was a finalist for TechCrunch\u2019s Fastest Rising Startup of 2015 Awards. As a developer, Adi produced the first - ever animated ads on AOL and created more than 30 online games for major - studio franchises, including the Matrix Game for the famed Warner Brothers Movie. In 1999, he founded the interactive media technology firm Oddcast, which continues to develop interactive media apps such as \"Elf Yourself\". In 2005 Adi co - founded KSolo, the first online karaoke service(acquired by Fox Interactive / MySpace) and, in 2006, Adi co - founded audio ad network TargetSpot, a joint venture with CBS(acquired by Radionomy). Yonatan Sela Co-founder, Props PBC Board Member Yonatan Sela is Props Co-founder and a member of the Props Foundation Public Benefit Corporation Board. Prior to Props, Yonatan was the Chief Business Officer of live video platform YouNow, where he led the company\u2019 s business operations and product strategy.Prior to YouNow, Yonatan was a VC at Venrock, a firm whose past investments include Apple, Intel, AppNexus and others.He focused on opportunities in digital media, FinTech and Blockchain. Previously, Yonatan was a founding team member at Tvinci, an online video / OTT platform, where he ran the company\u2019 s marketing and product strategy.He led Tvinci to 8 figures in revenue and an acquisition by Kaltura in 2014. Yonatan also co - founded Bookn 'tell, an app that simplifies friend referrals for local service businesses. Yonatan is an Air Force Captain and a Boston Consulting Group(BCG) alumnus.He holds a B.A.in Economics and Eastern Philosophy and an M.B.A.from Wharton. Peter Watts CTO Peter Watts is Props PBC\u2019s Chief Technology Officer. Peter has been leading Props\u2019 blockchain research and taking a key role in designing Props since the early days of the project. Previously, Peter was a Senior Director of Product at YouNow. In that capacity, he led the design and development of strategic initiatives, such as the development of YouNow\u2019s web application and spearheading YouNow\u2019s growth team. Previously, Peter founded Swarm.fm, a music discovery company and early partner on the Spotify App Platform.Peter is a self - taught software engineer who has years of experience building applications for bands and music venues. Jonathan Achai Chief Engineer Jonathan Achai is Props\u2019 Chief Engineer, leading the PBC\u2019s platform and blockchain engineering efforts. Prior to Props, Jonathan was the founding engineer of YouNow, where he built a live video platform used by more than 50 million users globally.Jonathan has led engineering efforts at YouNow involved in video, product engineering and infrastructure development.Before YouNow, Jonathan developed both frontend and backend products at Oddcast as a full stack engineer, developing numerous user generated content applications.He has accumulated 20 years of professional engineering experience, and has been coding since he was a kid.Jonathan holds a degree in computer science from Hunter College. Join Mailing List Email address Thank you Follow us on Telegram for regular updates Join us on Telegram Props ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????100?????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????Fortunelulu ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Props QQ?????????????????? Contact us team@propsproject.com Legal Disclaimer: The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has qualified the offering statement that we have filed with the SEC. The information in that offering statement is more complete than the information we are providing now, and could differ in important ways. You must read the documents filed with the SEC before investing. The offering is being made only by means of its offering statement. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. An indication of interest involves no obligation or commitment of any kind. Any person interested in investing in any offering of Props Tokens should review our disclosures and the publicly filed offering statement and the final offering circular that is part of that offering statement at http://offeringcircular.propsproject.com. YouNow is not registered, licensed or supervised as a broker dealer or investment adviser by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or any other financial regulatory authority or licensed to provide any financial advice or services. Forward-looking statements: This communication contains forward-looking statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201cwould,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements in this document include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans for developing the platform and future utility for the Props Token, our Reg A+ offering and launch of our network, and collaborations and partnerships. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different. More information on the factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such differences is included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the \u201cRisk Factors\u201d and \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion & Analysis\u201d sections of our offering statement on Form 1-A. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 1 Props will initially be available only on the YouNow app. Other apps are in the process of integrating Props at the moment, and we anticipate that they will launch it in the coming months. Users of an app that integrates Props may be able to receive Props upon their review and acceptance of the terms and conditions for use of the app and the completion of certain other administrative steps. A \"financial stake in the network\" means the ability to participate in an increase in the value of Props if the use of our platform increases and results in an increase in the demand for, and therefore the value of, Props. Holders of Props will not receive an interest in the profits or losses of any YouNow, Props PBC, or any other YouNow affiliate, any rights to distributions from YouNow, Props PBC, or any other YouNow affiliate, or any legal or contractual right to exercise control over the operations or continued development of YouNow, Props PBC, or any legal or contractual right to exercise control over the operations or continued development of any YouNow affiliate. 2 There are currently no national securities exchanges or exchanges that have been approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or registered under Form ATS with the Securities and Exchange Commission to support the trading of Props on the secondary market. As a result, holders should be prepared to hold Props indefinitely, as there is no guarantee that holders will be able to sell or exchange their Props or realize any financial profit from their Props. 3 Some modifications to an app may be needed in order to ensure Props are fully functional. 4 Transactions of Props Tokens require the payment of transaction fees in order to be effected on the Ethereum blockchain. YouNow may not pay these transaction fees and you may be responsible for these payments. 5 Props will initially be available only on the YouNow app. Other apps are in the process of integrating Props at the moment, and we anticipate that they will launch it in the coming months. 6 Users can buy virtual items for other users on YouNow, and some users can benefit from a revenue sharing system when they receive virtual items. 7 Applies to Props holders above a certain level, please see terms and conditions or Offering Circular for more details. 8 Some, but not all, of these features will be available upon qualification. Features that are not available upon qualification are coming soon. Our comment in the video to YouNow\u2019s sales of over $50 Million in virtual goods refers to sales during the calendar years 2016 through 2018. ????????????2020 Props PBC. All rights reserved. Privacy & Terms", 
    "CompanyName": "Props", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "propsproject", 
    "Hash": "828B24E342E0825411D8EBBD605A3A26", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, front end, financial, validator, exchanges, privacy, decentralized, social network, ethereum, back end, ico, startup, online games, full stack, software engineer, blockchain research", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "March, GB", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://open.spotify.com/episode/1iS3r5EEAEWZvOMCmGokSp", 
        "https://propsproject.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://propsproject.com/careers"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/props-by-younow-marketing-operations-intern/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- propsproject", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Props - A new way for apps to rewards users with a financial stake in the network", 
    "Url": "https://propsproject.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
