{
    "Body": "Uphold Job Openings Frontend Engineer Engineering ???????????? Braga, Portugal Apply for this Job Department Engineering Employment Type Full-Time Minimum Experience Mid-level About Uphold One of the fastest growing fintech companies, Uphold is pursuing a mission to democratise investments and payments for people and companies worldwide. Founded in 2014, the Silicon Valley company today has more than 2 million customers in over 150 countries with an impressive 50x increase in Mobile App downloads during the first quarter of 2020. A bridge between the old and new money systems, Uphold allows people to buy, exchange and send more than 100 currencies, cryptocurrencies, precious metals and equities instantly. An engineering-led company with a social inclusion agenda, Uphold provides a stimulating and challenging home for the brightest and best coding talent. We stand by the idea that \u2018source code is a liability, not an asset\u2019, so we do our best to keep things simple, readable and less complex to manage. We work collaboratively with a shared code ownership mindset to design and implement complex technical projects, balancing speed with quality, learning from our past mistakes, and allowing everyone time to take the challenge they see fit.???????????? If you\u2019re a Rockstar and this sounds interesting and challenging, we want to hear from you! ???????????? The opportunity:???????????? We are looking for a Frontend Engineer to join our Engineering team. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity where you\u2019ll get to focus on building and improving our web and mobile applications for consumers and businesses. You will be designing and building applications with three core principles in mind: maintainability, performance, and security. If you are excited about UI Frameworks like React or Vue.js, GraphQL, E2E Testing, Progressive Web Apps and emerging patterns such as JAMStack, Uphold is the place for you! ???????????? What you\u2019ll be doing primarily: Building the most powerful and easy to use digital Wallet in the world. Delivering new features and enhancements to the platform across web and mobile. Working closely with the Backend Engineering team to integrate backend services. Collaborating with product managers, designers, engineers and other project stakeholders throughout the software development life cycle (planning, design, implementation, deployment and support). Writing high quality code with performance and scalability in mind. ???????????? Required qualifications: Strong knowledge of frontend technologies and frameworks like React or Vue.js, React Native, Redux, GraphQL, Styled Components, and RESTful web services. Good understanding of the web platform, including DOM, CORS, browser data storage, script loading, request/response headers and others. Knowledge of multiple ECMAScript standards and modern JavaScript best practices. Proficiency in modern CSS, including Flexbox and/or CSS Grid. Knowledge of revision control systems. Basic knowledge of standard development pipelines, including build and other automation tools. Excellent communication skills and a team player with the ability to work in cross-functional teams, and with a great attitude. Cognisant of performance fundamentals such as understanding the difference between layout, painting and compositing. Strong focus on project execution and delivery. Fluent written and oral English skills. ???????????? Bonus if you have: Experience in developing multi-language applications. Fluency in cryptocurrencies or other digital assets as they are core to our business. Community talks, certifications, and/or blog posts on your interests and research. Open source project contributions of any kind, such as tools developed to solve specific problems you\u2019ve had or fixing issues on existing projects. Importantly, if you\u2019re looking for a senior role with us, you will have achieved many of the things above while also providing mentorship to others, and have engaged in public speaking opportunities. ???????????? What we have to offer you: An amazing work environment in a company that continues to grow, driven by extraordinary and passionate people that keep up innovating and challenging more each day. An international team, in a cutting edge field, working on the most fascinating projects. Growth and career opportunities, and the chance to be proactive and creative. A flexible and enthusiastic work environment that offers you snacks, a lot of coffee and other great benefits. Open and transparent culture - we get together on a weekly basis to share updates, strategic plans, and engage with each other informally over food and drinks. Interesting events that keep you connected with the team and celebrate our success. ???????????? Be part of a great company that is revolutionizing the financial services. Apply now! ???????????? ???????????? EEOC Employer We're proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and we celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, gender identity, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, and any other protected classes. Difference makes us better. ???????????? Apply for this Job Apply for this Position First Name Last Name Email Phone Address City State Postal/Zip Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan ????????????land Islands Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling Islands) Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia (Hrvatska) Cuba Cura????????????ao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories French West Indies Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barth????????????lemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay US Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Resume No file selected Date Available Desired Pay Website, Blog, or Portfolio LinkedIn Profile URL Who referred you for this position? References (Name, Company, and Contact Info) How did you find out about this opportunity? Are you local to Braga or close? If not, are you open to relocating? Do you need Visa sponsorship? What technologies are you strongest with? Thank You Your application was submitted successfully. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google ", 
    "CompanyName": "Bangladesh", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "bamboohr", 
    "Hash": "82F38D80F52B0F709C270DF0C7453BD3", 
    "KeyTerms": "front end, css, wallet, digital asset, frameworks, financial, product manager, react, full time, cryptocurrencies, javascript, ecmascript, back end, graphql", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Braga, PT", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://uphold.bamboohr.com/jobs", 
        "http://uphold.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=107&source=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "http://uphold.bamboohr.com/jobs?source=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fuphold.bamboohr.com%2Fjobs%2Fview.php%3Fid%3D107&source=BambooHR&title=Frontend%20Engineer&summary"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/uphold-frontend-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- bamboohr", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "BambooHR", 
    "Url": "http://uphold.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=107&source=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
