{
    "Body": "Technology Docs IBC ERTP SES Zoe Testnet Company About Team Papers FAQs Blog Events Join Us Marketing Manager ABOUT AGORIC We believe smart contracts are the future of global economic exchange and cooperation. At Agoric, we\u2019re developing a platform for programming smart contracts that enables developers to build a mainstream blockchain economy securely and with ease, beyond anything available today. We are working from our sunny palm tree surrounded office in Belmont, California. We are a collaborative, informal bunch and encourage sharing, discussion and teamwork. You can find our open source code on GitHub. ABOUT THE ROLE We are looking for an experienced marketing manager, with the passion to help drive the evolution of smart contracts and decentralized electronic markets. Key to success is the ability to manage priorities and maintain focus in a rapidly evolving marketplace, while working with a small team of internal and external resources. Key Responsibilities Write blog posts, social media posts, and website content. Support messaging around events (including meetups, hackathons, and other company activities). Align event communications with company messaging. Organize and manage the Agoric editorial, content, and event calendar; make sure progress is regularly updated, activities are completed on time, and status is communicated. Help develop presentations. Be the Agoric marketing-communications interface with partners, editors, external PR representatives, and others. Identify and track specific website, social media, and other KPIs to guide communications improvement and business focus. Preferred Requirements BA or MBA, and/or 3-5 years relevant professional experience. At least 3 years in technology marketing. Track record as a successful marketer at an early stage startup. Marketing communication experience to open-source and JavaScript communities. Nice to Haves Background in financial services, transportation and logistics, gaming, or live entertainment/ticket-exchange industries. Demonstrated interest in decentralized markets, blockchain technology, and smart contracts. Working knowledge of high-profile projects and competitive offerings. WHAT WE OFFER Excellent medical benefits Generous vacation policy Exciting startup atmosphere in an area experiencing explosive growth In-office lunch daily, fresh snacks and drinks Collaborative, inspiring, fun colleagues Opportunity to work with recognized industry pioneers and leaders Competitive compensation including profit units Contact Information For more information or to apply, please contact [email????????????protected] ???????????? 2020 Agoric Systems Operating Company. All Rights Reserved. [email????????????protected] Company About Team Blog Events Papers FAQs Join Us Technology Documentation Testnet ERTP: Electronic Rights Transfer Protocol Zoe: Offer-Safety Enforcement SES: Secure ECMAScript IBC Subscribe to our newsletter for updates", 
    "CompanyName": "Not Found", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "agoric", 
    "Hash": "86921BB1211CF4E23308BE573BC6152F", 
    "KeyTerms": "github, gaming, marketplace, smart contract, startup, financial, decentralized, testnet, javascript, ecmascript", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Belmont, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://agoric.com/jobs/", 
        "https://agoric.com/jobs/marketing-manager/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/agoric-marketing-director/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "testnet", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- agoric", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Marketing Manager - Agoric", 
    "Url": "https://agoric.com/jobs/marketing-manager/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
