{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol/7c28315a-408d-47de-8333-b7ac67e3275c/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/protocol-labs-technical-recruiter/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Protocol Labs - Technical Recruiter",
    "Hash": "960F2E61E94C117926D4CF4D48E79E75",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/protocol/7c28315a-408d-47de-8333-b7ac67e3275c?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Technical Recruiter Remote / Enablement \u2013 People / Contract-to-hire Apply for this job Protocol Labs is seeking a mission-oriented, tenacious, highly creative, and curiosity-driven Technical Recruiter to join our team. As an important member of the Protocol Labs Recruiting team, the Technical Recruiter works closely with our People, Engineering, and Research teams to identify and nurture promising passive and active candidates from a variety of channels.  We work in a remote environment, and seek a recruiter who is a self-starter, great communicator, personable, professional, and positive! We're obsessive about candidate experience and aim to treat every candidate we engage as a member of our community, regardless of the outcome.  If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!  People at Protocol Labs  The People Team at Protocol Labs powers our work. Protocol Labs is a product-development lab, but behind the protocols and tools we build, behind the research and spec work, behind our implementations are passionate people, teammates and community members. The People Team ensures that the Protocol Labs team remains happy, aligned and productive. Protocol Labs works at the intersection of many exciting fields (crypto, networks, distributed systems) and cultures (startups, research, open source, distributed work). The People Team has the challenging and exciting task of taking the best from these cultures to shape the way we work at PL and ensure we all grow as people and professionals. All of this happens in an environment defined by curiosity, passion, and a love for open source. Responsibilities: Execute full--cycle recruitment for evergreen roles  Partner with hiring teams across the organization to build a pipeline of top talent through multiple channels  (web, social/professional networks, etc.) Identify and engage passive candidates via various platforms, tools, and creative sourcing techniques Develop strategies to engage the best leads/candidates  Review inbound candidate pipeline with an eye for quality applicants Be a vital partner in maintaining the data integrity of our Applicant Tracking System by capturing and recording complete candidate informationRepresent PL, our values and culture, through the interactions you have with candidates Requirements: 3+ years of technical recruiting experience, with at least 1 year in-house Ideally a mix of experiences at startups and more mature companies Proven track record for successfully identifying and hiring exceptional candidates in high growth environments Scrappiness and tolerance for ambiguity Exceptional interviewing, communication, organizational and problem-solving skills Data driven and ability to prioritize tasks and manage time effectively Strong interpersonal and consultative skills Ability to maintain strong relationships with the people team, hiring managers, and candidates Ability to work independently in a distributed environment Embraces open-source philosophy Bonus Points:  Recruiting experience in the cryptography and/or research space You are a subject-matter expert in Lever or Greenhouse What\u2019s it like to work at Protocol Labs? Protocol Labs mission is to improve humanity\u2019s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more. As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds. We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family. Apply for this job Protocol Labs Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever"
}