{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.oasislabs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/oasis-labs-software-engineer-backend/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Oasis Labs",
    "Hash": "97FD340C89FC0C70A7471544FF901DC7",
    "Url": "https://www.oasislabs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "oasislabs",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Products Technology Resources About Back User Privacy-as-a-Service Data Sharing & Cleanrooms Query & Data Control The Parcel SDK Back Differential Privacy Distributed Network Secure Enclaves Back Documentation BLOG GitHub Research Papers Back JOIN US PRESS Newsletter & Events Products User Privacy-as-a-Service Data Sharing & Cleanrooms Query & Data Control The Parcel SDK Technology Differential Privacy Distributed Network Secure Enclaves Resources Documentation BLOG GitHub Research Papers About JOIN US PRESS Newsletter & Events Scroll   Share. Control. Secure. Meet Oasis Labs. The all-in-one tool for controlling and sharing data.   See a Demo Contact Oasis Labs Name * First Name Last Name Email * Company * Thank you! We\u2019ll be in touch.       Easily govern how data is moved and used across your company, and with just a click, give your teams the power to securely share data.       News   FORBES Privacy in the Time of COVID Data has become increasingly important in the fight to stave off COVID, but with an increased use of PII and PHI data come major questions about the role of privacy. THE NEW YORK TIMES Building a World Where Data Privacy Exists Online Dawn Song, an expert in computer security and trustworthy artificial intelligence, is working on making that vision a reality. WIRED Oasis Labs' Dawn Song on a Safer Way to Protect Your Data At WIRED25, the startup founder talks about her \u201cnew privacy paradigm\u201d and how it could protect personal data, and keep it anonymous. Oasis Labs\u2019 Products Tools for data privacy, security, collaborative analytics, and more.   01     Query & Data Control An end-to-end solution that allows companies to monitor and control access to their data, and create detailed restrictions on analysis and SQL queries. Learn more       02     Data Collaboration Simple tooling for businesses to transform and share sensitive data with other organizations while being able to retain and adjust data access and analysis permissions. Learn more       03   User Privacy-as-a-Service An integration for consumer companies that clearly explains to their users what data is being shared, how it\u2019s being used, and gives them the option to opt out of usage. Learn more       04   The Parcel SDK A self-sereve SDK that allows developers to easily access the Oasis Network and leverage confidential compute to build their own private-first data tools and applications. Learn more          Technology At Oasis Labs, our goal is to build tools that not only make it easier to share and control data, but also more secure.  That\u2019s why our team of privacy experts and security engineers are turning some of academia\u2019s most compelling privacy research into production ready features of our tooling.      Cleanrooms & Secure Enclaves When data is too sensitive to share directly, you can create a cleanroom that uses secure enclaves to keep data confidential in use.  Your partner only gets the outputs of their application, while your underlying information remains confidential and secure. Learn more   Distributed Network Oasis Labs uses a distributed network called the Oasis Network to maintain an immutable, tamper-proof record of all actions taken against a dataset.  This log acts as a public ledger that can be used to ensure usage is expected and compliant. Learn more   Differential Privacy When more general analysis is needed, differential privacy can allow researchers to query sensitive data sets.  Differential privacy protects query outputs from exposing PII and other sensitive data by introducing noise into query results. Learn more         Who We Are Oasis Labs is an international team made up of researchers, security experts, and privacy advocates \u2014 all working together to build a platform for a responsible data economy. Founded in 2018 by Dawn Song, an award-winning professor at the University of California at Berkeley, Oasis Labs is backed by investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Accel, Binance and many others. We\u2019d love to have you on board. Join the Team     home-hero home-intro home-press home-products-quad home-tech-intro home-tech home-team info@oasislabs.com Hours     Blog Community Privacy Tools Docs Press Join Email Address Subscribe Thank you for joining our community! Stay tuned for future updates.   Contact: info@oasislabs.com © 2019 OASIS LABS  PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE | DEVELOPER TERMS OF USE",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- oasislabs"
}