{
    "Body": "Latest News Op-Eds Press Releases About Advertise Publish Press Release The Satoshi Revolution Search News Jun 26, 2020 Search Latest News Op-Eds Press Releases About Advertise Publish Press Release The Satoshi Revolution Your ad here \u00c2\u00a0 Economics by Avi Oct 22, 2018 Report: Cryptocurrency Job Market Continues to Grow Glassdoor, a California-based company that runs a recruiting and employer-review website, has published a report by its economic research department that shows growing demand for talent in the cryptocurrency industry, with U.S. job openings soaring by 300 percent year on year. Also Read: The Daily: Global Cryptocurrency M&As Rise, US Town Halts Mining Talent Search The report, based on a large sample of online job postings, identified 1,775 openings in the U.S. that included the terms \u201cBitcoin,\u201d \u201ccryptocurrency\u201d and \u201cblockchain\u201d as of August 2018, up from just 446 such ads a year earlier. \u201cContinued growth in job openings suggests that blockchain employers remain confident in the market opportunity and continue to make long-term investments in their teams,\u201d the researchers said. New York City and San Francisco lead as the best locations in which to find a job in the U.S. cryptocurrency industry, accounting for 24 percent and 21 percent of all job openings, respectively. In total, the top five cities \u2014 which include San Jose, Chicago and Seattle\u00c2\u00a0\u2014 dominate a combined 59 percent of all job openings on the Glassdoor website. Outside of the U.S., London tops the list of cities with 189 job openings, followed by Singapore, Toronto and Hong Kong. Among the top 15 companies that are searching for new recruits, Consensys and IBM both have 214 related job listings. Coinbase comes in third with 63 related vacancies. Other familiar names such as Kraken, Circle, Bitgo and Abra are also on the list. Source: Glassdoor Economic Research Learn to Program For anyone looking to enter the cryptocurrency space, it seems you can\u2019t go wrong by acquiring software programming skills. Software engineers are the most in-demand individuals, with such jobs accounting for 19 percent of all listings. These openings are followed by more specialized positions, such as vacancies for front-end engineers and technology architects; in total, engineering-related positions account for 55 percent of the entire crypto-jobs segment. The researchers identified a median base salary of $84,884 per year in the cryptocurrency industry, which is considerably higher than the U.S. median salary of $32,423. However, the report cautions that due to the wide range of jobs that are available, salaries can range widely, from just $36,046 to $223,667 per year. \u201cThe reason we see higher salaries for blockchain jobs is due to the location and nature of the jobs available. High cost-of-living cities like New York City and San Francisco dominate the blockchain job market and employers there must offer higher salaries in order to attract talent. Additionally, high skill occupations like software engineers already demand high salaries, compounding this location effect,\u201d the researchers explained. \u201cAfter accounting for those effects, the high salaries we see for these roles are not unusual.\u201d How should companies reach more people that have cryptocurrency development skills? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. Images courtesy of Shutterstock. Verify and track bitcoin cash transactions on our BCH Block Explorer, the best of its kind anywhere in the world. Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi\u2019s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com. Average Price of Bitcoin More Than Quadrupled Between Halvings ECONOMICS | 2 days ago Limitless Bailouts: US Federal Reserve Announces Billion-Dollar Corporate Bond Purchase Program ECONOMICS | Jun 16, 2020 Tags in this story Bitcoin Jobs, Blockchain Jobs, Career, Careers, crypto job, cryptocurrency job, glassdoor, job market, jobs, N-Featured, Talent Use Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash to play online casino games here. Show comments In Case You Missed It Wilshire Phoenix Files Publicly-Traded Bitcoin Trust to Challenge Grayscale's $3.4 Billion Dominance Wilshire Phoenix has filed to launch a publicly-traded trust called Bitcoin Commodity Trust (BCT) - putting the firm in direct competition with Grayscale Investments' $3.4 billion bitcoin trust (GBTC). According to the June 12 filing with the U.S. Securities and ... read more. Crypto 101: How to Send and Receive Bitcoin Cash Via the Bitcoin.com Wallet During the last few months in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak and faltering global economy, many individuals have shown an interest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. However, oftentimes people can find the process a bit daunting because they are ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Candidate Paul Le Roux to Start Bitcoin Mining Business After Prison Time A possible Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. Criminal mastermind Paul Le Roux told the judge that upon his release he plans to \"start a business selling and hosting bitcoin miners,\" ... read more. Limitless Bailouts: US Federal Reserve Announces Billion-Dollar Corporate Bond Purchase Program During the last three months, the U.S. Federal Reserve has created a system of monetary avarice, as the central bank can literally do whatever it wants with zero oversight. The American public recently witnessed the Fed\u2019s announcement on Monday, which ... read more. Will India Ban Crypto? 5 Exchange Executives Shed Light on the Truth There has been some confusion over whether India will ban cryptocurrency, including bitcoin, following recent reports of a note being circulated by the government. News.Bitcoin.com interviewed executives of five cryptocurrency exchange platforms in India to find out the truth about ... read more. CFTC Chairman: US Must Lead the World in Crypto With Less Restrictive Rules The chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has called on other regulators to establish a framework for sound crypto regulation. He believes that the U.S. must lead in the crypto field and \"applying overly prescriptive rules could stunt ... read more. Fed Chair Powell Warns of 'Unsustainable' Budget as US National Debt Crosses $26 Trillion In his testimony before the Senate banking committee, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell warned Congress that the U.S. federal budget has been on an unsustainable path for years. He added that the U.S. economy is facing a deep downturn with ... read more. IRS Tells Couple With $7 Million in Bitcoin to Liquidate Crypto Assets and Pay off Tax Debt The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has won a case in which it demanded that a Maryland couple liquidate their bitcoin to pay-off a $1.1 million tax debt. Alexander and Laura Strashny proposed to the IRS to pay their 2017 tax ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Heats Up: High Difficulty Adjustment, Pool Consolidation, Less Concentration in China It\u2019s been approximately 37 days since the notorious Bitcoin reward halving that took place on Monday, May 11, 2020. On June 16, the Bitcoin network saw a large upwards difficulty adjustment making it much harder to mine bitcoins and slowing ... read more. Wisdomtree Files ETF With 5% Bitcoin Exposure Amid SEC Resistance Wisdomtree has filed for a commodity fund with 5% exposure to bitcoin, in a fresh attempt to bring an exchange-traded fund (ETF) backed by the benchmark cryptocurrency to the market. According to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ... read more. Trump Told Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to 'Go After Bitcoin' - Former National Security Advisor John Bolton Says Former national security advisor John Bolton has reportedly revealed in his upcoming book an instruction about bitcoin that President Donald Trump gave to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The U.S. Justice Department has filed a lawsuit against Bolton to stop the ... read more. Singapore-Based Carpooling Platform Ryde Plans to Support Bitcoin Payments The popular and first Singapore-based carpooling platform, Ryde has revealed that customers will soon be able to pay with bitcoin. The feature will be available after the bitcoin support is incorporated into the company's payment app on June 22. Ryde ... read more. Dollar Crash Imminent, Former Morgan Stanley Chief Economist Stephen Roach Predicts Stephen Roach, former chief economist at Morgan Stanley, has predicted that a dollar crash is coming, forecasting a 35% drop in the dollar's value against other major currencies. He expects the U.S. national savings rate to sink deeper into negative ... read more. Analysts Say Bitcoin Breakout Imminent: Silver-like Suppression, $5 Trillion in Cash Could Flow Into BTC A number of venture capitalists and macro investors believe bitcoin's price will break out soon following suit with gold\u2019s recent climactic rise. Dan Tapeiro, cofounder of Gold Bullion International, thinks that $4.6 trillion in cash sitting on the sidelines right ... read more. Crypto Card Issuer Wirecard Missing $2.1 Billion Cash, Company Shares Plunge 62% About 1.9 billion euros ($2.13 billion) worth of cash is missing from one of Wirecard's trust accounts and the crypto debit card provider cannot as yet account for the money, the company reported on Thursday. In a statement, the major ... read more. Bitcoin Games Launches Midsummer Promotion as Sweden Looks Toward Launching its Own Digital Currency The premier cryptocurrency gaming portal, Bitcoin Games has announced the launch of a Midsummer promotion that promises Free Spins and loads of entertainment. For well over, five years now Bitcoin Games has been the go-to destination for all your gaming ... read more. How Bitcoin of America\u2019s Compliance Program Made Possible the Restitution of Half a Million Dollars to Fraud Victims Robust and effective compliance programs for virtual asset exchanges such as Bitcoin of America, which owns and operates a crypto exchange platform as well as a nationwide network of bitcoin ATM locations, isn\u2019t simply a matter of operating a system ... read more. Bitcoin Whale Transfers $2.2 Billion Worth of BTC for Just $7 Whale alert reports that a so-called whale has transferred the equivalent of $2.24 billion in bitcoin for less than $7. In a series of tweets on Friday, the crypto tracking tool said the bitcoin (BTC) whale sent a total of ... read more. Bitcoin.com Exchange Announces Listing of New Digital Asset BUY by Burency Bitcoin.com Exchange is thrilled to announce the upcoming listing of a new digital asset on the 20th of August 2020 at 10:00 UTC. BUY by Burency is a new cryptocurrency that aims to increase cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption in the ... read more. Bitcoin's Rise Driven by Institutional Trading, Says Research and Investor Sentiment The cryptocurrency bitcoin is trading at an all-time high relative to its social activity, explains the crypto research firm Tie. The analysts at Tie believe the ratio indicates that bitcoin is being driven by institutional trading. Meanwhile, statistics from Google ... read more. Ernst & Young Launches Application to Help US Crypto Investors With Tax Filings Ernst & Young (EY) has introduced a new application that helps U.S. cryptocurrency traders calculate and file their taxes with ease. The EY Cryptoprep app, a Software as a Service (SaaS) web-based crypto tax engine, helps users calculate crypto-related gains ... read more. Akon City: $6 Billion Cryptocurrency City Set to Begin Construction Akon City, a \"futuristic cryptocurrency themed city\" founded by famous singer Akon, is ready to begin construction, with a plan to use the akoin cryptocurrency exclusively. Phase one of Akon City's construction will include roads, a hospital, a mall, hotels, ... read more. Meet Mistcoin - The First Mineable SLP Token Implementation Launched on Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash proponents have been introduced to a new project built using the Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) framework called mistcoin (MIST). The new token is essentially the first mineable implementation of colored coins on Bitcoin Cash. Mist allows participants to ... read more. Breaking Bitcoin: Crypto Proponents Discuss Honeywell's 6 Qubit Quantum Computer On June 19, 2020, the massive industrial firm Honeywell told the public the company is now running a quantum computer that effectively leverages six effective quantum bits, or qubits. Honeywell\u2019s machine is two times more powerful than the quantum computers ... read more. Wirecard CEO Quits as Crypto Card Firm Reveals Missing $2.1 Billion Does Not Exist Wirecard chief executive officer quit as the crypto card payments firm revealed that the \u20ac1.9 billion ($2.1 billion) missing from its accounts may not exist. CEO Markus Braun resigned on June 19, after nearly 20 years at the helm. James ... read more. New Zealand Police Seize $91 Million From Russian Bitcoin Exchange Operator Police in New Zealand confiscated NZ$140 million ($91 million) from Russian bitcoin exchange operator Alexander Vinnik. Vinnik is the alleged owner of the collapsed BTC-e exchange. The funds were seized from bank accounts held by Canton Business Corporation, a New ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Kidnapped, Tortured by NSA to Destroy Crypto in New Movie 'Decrypted' Decrypted, a new crypto movie about Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, is in production. In this \"outrageous and provocative dark comedy,\" Satoshi Nakamoto is kidnapped by the NSA and tortured for information that could help the government destroy ... read more. Hundreds of Sites Now Earn Crypto Trading Fees: Exchange Wordpress Plugin Sees 300 Active Installs A couple of months ago, a new Wordpress (WP) plugin launched that allows anyone to host a digital currency trading platform. With the application, WP website owners can earn fees from various crypto asset trades. The developer of the plugin ... read more. Jay Clayton Leaves SEC: Crypto Industry Hopeful for Bitcoin ETF Approval Chairman Jay Clayton is geared to leave the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) after President Donald Trump nominates him to serve as the next U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. With his departure, the cryptocurrency industry ... read more. Elon Musk Bitcoin Giveaway Scam Rakes in Millions of Dollars in BTC 'Elon Musk' bitcoin giveaways continue to scam people on Youtube. Scammers have reportedly pulled in millions of dollars in bitcoin from people wanting to double their cryptocurrency. Some of them use bitcoin addresses containing the name Elon Musk, Spacex, or ... read more. Only 3.5 Million Bitcoin Is Traded Worldwide; Majority of BTC Held Long-Term as Digital Gold Only 3.5 million bitcoin or 19% of total circulating supply is actively traded throughout the world, while the rest is being held long-term by investors, according to a new report by crypto analytics company Chainalysis. Per the report, nearly 18.6 ... read more. Average Price of Bitcoin More Than Quadrupled Between Halvings Investing in bitcoin has been somewhat of a phenomenon, as millions of individuals have invested funds into the crypto-economy since at least 2010. One specific and lucrative method of investment is dollar-cost averaging. If an individual was to invest $10 ... read more. 7-Eleven, CVS, Rite Aid: Libertyx Adds 20,000 Stores to Buy Bitcoin With Cash Libertyx has expanded its network to include 20,000 7-Eleven, CVS, and Rite Aid Pharmacy stores where customers can buy bitcoin with cash. They can also buy bitcoin using debit cards at one of Libertyx's vast network of ATMs, bringing the ... read more. Jim Rogers Discusses Bitcoin as Money and Why Governments Will Stop Crypto Jim Rogers, who cofounded the Quantum Fund with billionaire investor George Soros, has shared his view on bitcoin, its use as money, and governments' response to the growing use of cryptocurrency. He predicts that central banks will not let uncontrolled ... read more. Ethereum Network Fees Jump Above Bitcoin Transaction Fees for Two Weeks Straight This week digital currency enthusiasts have been discussing network fees, specifically transaction fees associated with the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains. Last Sunday on June 21, one Ethereum proponent noted that during the last 16 days, Ethereum users have paid more ... read more. Simple Ledger Protocol Universe Is Thriving: Lottery, Mint, ATMs, Over 8,500 SLP Tokens Created It\u2019s been close to twelve months since we reported on the vast Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) universe built on top of the Bitcoin Cash chain. At the time, there were 2,700 unique SLP tokens created, and that\u2019s increased by 217% ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Chip Manufacturer Ebang to List on Nasdaq This Week On Friday, June 26, the China-based Zhejiang Ebang Communication, often referred to as Ebang, will be listed on Nasdaq, according to various reports. Ebang\u2019s initial public offering (IPO) will be the second U.S.-based IPO for an ASIC mining manufacturer joining ... read more. 6 Privacy-Enhancing Tools That Place Bitcoin Cash Transactions Ahead of the Pack On June 24, a Reddit post had a few Bitcoin Cash proponents discussing a number of privacy enhancements BCH supporters can leverage every time they transact. The Bitcoin Cash enthusiast, Mr. Zwet\u2019s r/btc post explained how BCH supporters can use ... read more. KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform KPMG has launched a cryptocurrency management platform designed to accelerate institutional crypto adoption. KPMG's patent-pending tool aims to bridge traditional data and crypto systems, integrating key use cases of cryptocurrency, including custody, wallets, and anti-money laundering (AML) transaction monitoring. KPMG's ... read more. Most Popular Latest News Self-Proclaimed Satoshi Claims He\u2019s Autistic, Judge Tosses Out Sanctions Against Craig Wright Wirecard $2 Billion Scandal: Firm Files for Insolvency, Ex-CEO Arrested, User Funds Safe US Senators Introduce \u2018Lawful Access to Encrypted Data Act\u2019 \u2014 With Backdoor Mandate Bitcoin Cash-Fueled Blogging Website Read.cash Raises Over $100K for Collective Initiative Australians Can Now Pay for Bitcoin at 3,500 Australia Post Offices Bitcoin Price Dump: Miners Start Selling 9,000 BTC, Possibly Opening Bear Cycle KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform Older Posts In Case You Missed It Wilshire Phoenix Files Publicly-Traded Bitcoin Trust to Challenge Grayscale's $3.4 Billion Dominance Wilshire Phoenix has filed to launch a publicly-traded trust called Bitcoin Commodity Trust (BCT) - putting the firm in direct competition with Grayscale Investments' $3.4 billion bitcoin trust (GBTC). According to the June 12 filing with the U.S. Securities and ... read more. Crypto 101: How to Send and Receive Bitcoin Cash Via the Bitcoin.com Wallet During the last few months in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak and faltering global economy, many individuals have shown an interest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. However, oftentimes people can find the process a bit daunting because they are ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Candidate Paul Le Roux to Start Bitcoin Mining Business After Prison Time A possible Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. Criminal mastermind Paul Le Roux told the judge that upon his release he plans to \"start a business selling and hosting bitcoin miners,\" ... read more. Limitless Bailouts: US Federal Reserve Announces Billion-Dollar Corporate Bond Purchase Program During the last three months, the U.S. Federal Reserve has created a system of monetary avarice, as the central bank can literally do whatever it wants with zero oversight. The American public recently witnessed the Fed\u2019s announcement on Monday, which ... read more. Will India Ban Crypto? 5 Exchange Executives Shed Light on the Truth There has been some confusion over whether India will ban cryptocurrency, including bitcoin, following recent reports of a note being circulated by the government. News.Bitcoin.com interviewed executives of five cryptocurrency exchange platforms in India to find out the truth about ... read more. CFTC Chairman: US Must Lead the World in Crypto With Less Restrictive Rules The chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has called on other regulators to establish a framework for sound crypto regulation. He believes that the U.S. must lead in the crypto field and \"applying overly prescriptive rules could stunt ... read more. Fed Chair Powell Warns of 'Unsustainable' Budget as US National Debt Crosses $26 Trillion In his testimony before the Senate banking committee, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell warned Congress that the U.S. federal budget has been on an unsustainable path for years. He added that the U.S. economy is facing a deep downturn with ... read more. IRS Tells Couple With $7 Million in Bitcoin to Liquidate Crypto Assets and Pay off Tax Debt The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has won a case in which it demanded that a Maryland couple liquidate their bitcoin to pay-off a $1.1 million tax debt. Alexander and Laura Strashny proposed to the IRS to pay their 2017 tax ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Heats Up: High Difficulty Adjustment, Pool Consolidation, Less Concentration in China It\u2019s been approximately 37 days since the notorious Bitcoin reward halving that took place on Monday, May 11, 2020. On June 16, the Bitcoin network saw a large upwards difficulty adjustment making it much harder to mine bitcoins and slowing ... read more. Wisdomtree Files ETF With 5% Bitcoin Exposure Amid SEC Resistance Wisdomtree has filed for a commodity fund with 5% exposure to bitcoin, in a fresh attempt to bring an exchange-traded fund (ETF) backed by the benchmark cryptocurrency to the market. According to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ... read more. Trump Told Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to 'Go After Bitcoin' - Former National Security Advisor John Bolton Says Former national security advisor John Bolton has reportedly revealed in his upcoming book an instruction about bitcoin that President Donald Trump gave to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The U.S. Justice Department has filed a lawsuit against Bolton to stop the ... read more. Singapore-Based Carpooling Platform Ryde Plans to Support Bitcoin Payments The popular and first Singapore-based carpooling platform, Ryde has revealed that customers will soon be able to pay with bitcoin. The feature will be available after the bitcoin support is incorporated into the company's payment app on June 22. Ryde ... read more. Dollar Crash Imminent, Former Morgan Stanley Chief Economist Stephen Roach Predicts Stephen Roach, former chief economist at Morgan Stanley, has predicted that a dollar crash is coming, forecasting a 35% drop in the dollar's value against other major currencies. He expects the U.S. national savings rate to sink deeper into negative ... read more. Analysts Say Bitcoin Breakout Imminent: Silver-like Suppression, $5 Trillion in Cash Could Flow Into BTC A number of venture capitalists and macro investors believe bitcoin's price will break out soon following suit with gold\u2019s recent climactic rise. Dan Tapeiro, cofounder of Gold Bullion International, thinks that $4.6 trillion in cash sitting on the sidelines right ... read more. Crypto Card Issuer Wirecard Missing $2.1 Billion Cash, Company Shares Plunge 62% About 1.9 billion euros ($2.13 billion) worth of cash is missing from one of Wirecard's trust accounts and the crypto debit card provider cannot as yet account for the money, the company reported on Thursday. In a statement, the major ... read more. Bitcoin Games Launches Midsummer Promotion as Sweden Looks Toward Launching its Own Digital Currency The premier cryptocurrency gaming portal, Bitcoin Games has announced the launch of a Midsummer promotion that promises Free Spins and loads of entertainment. For well over, five years now Bitcoin Games has been the go-to destination for all your gaming ... read more. How Bitcoin of America\u2019s Compliance Program Made Possible the Restitution of Half a Million Dollars to Fraud Victims Robust and effective compliance programs for virtual asset exchanges such as Bitcoin of America, which owns and operates a crypto exchange platform as well as a nationwide network of bitcoin ATM locations, isn\u2019t simply a matter of operating a system ... read more. Bitcoin Whale Transfers $2.2 Billion Worth of BTC for Just $7 Whale alert reports that a so-called whale has transferred the equivalent of $2.24 billion in bitcoin for less than $7. In a series of tweets on Friday, the crypto tracking tool said the bitcoin (BTC) whale sent a total of ... read more. Bitcoin.com Exchange Announces Listing of New Digital Asset BUY by Burency Bitcoin.com Exchange is thrilled to announce the upcoming listing of a new digital asset on the 20th of August 2020 at 10:00 UTC. BUY by Burency is a new cryptocurrency that aims to increase cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption in the ... read more. Bitcoin's Rise Driven by Institutional Trading, Says Research and Investor Sentiment The cryptocurrency bitcoin is trading at an all-time high relative to its social activity, explains the crypto research firm Tie. The analysts at Tie believe the ratio indicates that bitcoin is being driven by institutional trading. Meanwhile, statistics from Google ... read more. Ernst & Young Launches Application to Help US Crypto Investors With Tax Filings Ernst & Young (EY) has introduced a new application that helps U.S. cryptocurrency traders calculate and file their taxes with ease. The EY Cryptoprep app, a Software as a Service (SaaS) web-based crypto tax engine, helps users calculate crypto-related gains ... read more. Akon City: $6 Billion Cryptocurrency City Set to Begin Construction Akon City, a \"futuristic cryptocurrency themed city\" founded by famous singer Akon, is ready to begin construction, with a plan to use the akoin cryptocurrency exclusively. Phase one of Akon City's construction will include roads, a hospital, a mall, hotels, ... read more. Meet Mistcoin - The First Mineable SLP Token Implementation Launched on Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash proponents have been introduced to a new project built using the Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) framework called mistcoin (MIST). The new token is essentially the first mineable implementation of colored coins on Bitcoin Cash. Mist allows participants to ... read more. Breaking Bitcoin: Crypto Proponents Discuss Honeywell's 6 Qubit Quantum Computer On June 19, 2020, the massive industrial firm Honeywell told the public the company is now running a quantum computer that effectively leverages six effective quantum bits, or qubits. Honeywell\u2019s machine is two times more powerful than the quantum computers ... read more. Wirecard CEO Quits as Crypto Card Firm Reveals Missing $2.1 Billion Does Not Exist Wirecard chief executive officer quit as the crypto card payments firm revealed that the \u20ac1.9 billion ($2.1 billion) missing from its accounts may not exist. CEO Markus Braun resigned on June 19, after nearly 20 years at the helm. James ... read more. New Zealand Police Seize $91 Million From Russian Bitcoin Exchange Operator Police in New Zealand confiscated NZ$140 million ($91 million) from Russian bitcoin exchange operator Alexander Vinnik. Vinnik is the alleged owner of the collapsed BTC-e exchange. The funds were seized from bank accounts held by Canton Business Corporation, a New ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Kidnapped, Tortured by NSA to Destroy Crypto in New Movie 'Decrypted' Decrypted, a new crypto movie about Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, is in production. In this \"outrageous and provocative dark comedy,\" Satoshi Nakamoto is kidnapped by the NSA and tortured for information that could help the government destroy ... read more. Hundreds of Sites Now Earn Crypto Trading Fees: Exchange Wordpress Plugin Sees 300 Active Installs A couple of months ago, a new Wordpress (WP) plugin launched that allows anyone to host a digital currency trading platform. With the application, WP website owners can earn fees from various crypto asset trades. The developer of the plugin ... read more. Jay Clayton Leaves SEC: Crypto Industry Hopeful for Bitcoin ETF Approval Chairman Jay Clayton is geared to leave the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) after President Donald Trump nominates him to serve as the next U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. With his departure, the cryptocurrency industry ... read more. Elon Musk Bitcoin Giveaway Scam Rakes in Millions of Dollars in BTC 'Elon Musk' bitcoin giveaways continue to scam people on Youtube. Scammers have reportedly pulled in millions of dollars in bitcoin from people wanting to double their cryptocurrency. Some of them use bitcoin addresses containing the name Elon Musk, Spacex, or ... read more. Only 3.5 Million Bitcoin Is Traded Worldwide; Majority of BTC Held Long-Term as Digital Gold Only 3.5 million bitcoin or 19% of total circulating supply is actively traded throughout the world, while the rest is being held long-term by investors, according to a new report by crypto analytics company Chainalysis. Per the report, nearly 18.6 ... read more. Average Price of Bitcoin More Than Quadrupled Between Halvings Investing in bitcoin has been somewhat of a phenomenon, as millions of individuals have invested funds into the crypto-economy since at least 2010. One specific and lucrative method of investment is dollar-cost averaging. If an individual was to invest $10 ... read more. 7-Eleven, CVS, Rite Aid: Libertyx Adds 20,000 Stores to Buy Bitcoin With Cash Libertyx has expanded its network to include 20,000 7-Eleven, CVS, and Rite Aid Pharmacy stores where customers can buy bitcoin with cash. They can also buy bitcoin using debit cards at one of Libertyx's vast network of ATMs, bringing the ... read more. Jim Rogers Discusses Bitcoin as Money and Why Governments Will Stop Crypto Jim Rogers, who cofounded the Quantum Fund with billionaire investor George Soros, has shared his view on bitcoin, its use as money, and governments' response to the growing use of cryptocurrency. He predicts that central banks will not let uncontrolled ... read more. Ethereum Network Fees Jump Above Bitcoin Transaction Fees for Two Weeks Straight This week digital currency enthusiasts have been discussing network fees, specifically transaction fees associated with the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains. Last Sunday on June 21, one Ethereum proponent noted that during the last 16 days, Ethereum users have paid more ... read more. Simple Ledger Protocol Universe Is Thriving: Lottery, Mint, ATMs, Over 8,500 SLP Tokens Created It\u2019s been close to twelve months since we reported on the vast Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) universe built on top of the Bitcoin Cash chain. At the time, there were 2,700 unique SLP tokens created, and that\u2019s increased by 217% ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Chip Manufacturer Ebang to List on Nasdaq This Week On Friday, June 26, the China-based Zhejiang Ebang Communication, often referred to as Ebang, will be listed on Nasdaq, according to various reports. Ebang\u2019s initial public offering (IPO) will be the second U.S.-based IPO for an ASIC mining manufacturer joining ... read more. 6 Privacy-Enhancing Tools That Place Bitcoin Cash Transactions Ahead of the Pack On June 24, a Reddit post had a few Bitcoin Cash proponents discussing a number of privacy enhancements BCH supporters can leverage every time they transact. The Bitcoin Cash enthusiast, Mr. Zwet\u2019s r/btc post explained how BCH supporters can use ... read more. KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform KPMG has launched a cryptocurrency management platform designed to accelerate institutional crypto adoption. KPMG's patent-pending tool aims to bridge traditional data and crypto systems, integrating key use cases of cryptocurrency, including custody, wallets, and anti-money laundering (AML) transaction monitoring. KPMG's ... read more. Latest News Self-Proclaimed Satoshi Claims He\u2019s Autistic, Judge Tosses Out Sanctions Against Craig Wright Wirecard $2 Billion Scandal: Firm Files for Insolvency, Ex-CEO Arrested, User Funds Safe US Senators Introduce \u2018Lawful Access to Encrypted Data Act\u2019 \u2014 With Backdoor Mandate Bitcoin Cash-Fueled Blogging Website Read.cash Raises Over $100K for Collective Initiative Australians Can Now Pay for Bitcoin at 3,500 Australia Post Offices Bitcoin Price Dump: Miners Start Selling 9,000 BTC, Possibly Opening Bear Cycle Press releases Buy Stablecoins With Your Credit Card in Lumi Wallet Jun 24, 2020 Sparrow Raises USD 3.5 Mil in Series A Funding Jun 23, 2020 Here Is Why BigONE\u2019s New VIP System Can Make the Most... Jun 22, 2020 Submit a Press Release Most Popular Your ad here Return to the news front page here", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "bitcoin", 
    "Hash": "98EA569AECC95B448040269EA7C48B45", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/cryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/gofrom/recent_posts/bitcoin-price-dump-miners-start-selling-9000-btc-possibly-opening-bear-cycle", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/bitcoin-jobs/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/blockchain-jobs/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/career/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/careers/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/crypto-job/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/cryptocurrency-job/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/job-market/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/tag/jobs/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow%2F", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow%2F&format=xml", 
        "https://www.glassdoor.com/research/rise-in-bitcoin-jobs/", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow%2F&title=Report%3A%2BCryptocurrency%2BJob%2BMarket%2BContinues%2Bto%2BGrow&summary&source", 
        "https://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow%2F"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow%2F&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiw9_7oh57qAhVHbc0KHWCcB4MQqoUBMAR6BAgQEAE&usg=AOvVaw0qNxnRb0GQUJfPyCG0Ptdv", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- bitcoin", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Report: Cryptocurrency Job Market Continues to Grow | Economics Bitcoin News", 
    "Url": "https://news.bitcoin.com/cryptocurrency-job-market-continues-to-grow/"
}
