{
    "Body": "Home News Latest News Newsletter 005 Livepeer Governance Q&A Polkadot Managed Controller eth2 NEAR Token Economics Get Updates About Platform Mission Company Team Investors Careers Platform Participation Nodes Delegation Protocols Live Algorand Celo Cosmos Decred Edgeware Kusama Livepeer Ontology Polkadot Tezos View All Log In Pioneering blockchain infrastructure?????????????????? Bison Trails is the easiest way to run secure node infrastructure on multiple blockchains. Our technology platform provides enterprise-grade security, multi-cloud / multi-region distribution, and a 99.9% platform uptime guarantee. Launch your own staking nodes. Contact us to get started Powered by Bison Trails Eth2 Enterprise API Products & Infrastructure Polkadot Managed Controllers & Autoscaling Secure participation node clusters on 20+ protocols Keep Active Participation Community Delegation And More... Latest News newsletter Bison Trails Newsletter 005 \u2022 June 2020 Jul 9 2020 protocols Livepeer Governance: Q&A with Protocol Specialist Viktor Bunin Jul 7 2020 protocols Run a Dedicated Polkadot Managed Controller with Bison Trails Jul 5 2020 protocols Bison Trails Announces Support for Eth2 Jun 29 2020 protocols NEAR Token Economics Jun 12 2020 protocols Bison Trails Supports NEAR Jun 8 2020 protocols Keep Active Participation Jun 5 2020 newsletter Bison Trails Newsletter 004 \u2022 May 2020 Jun 4 2020 perspectives The Artistic Application of Blockchain: NFTs May 20 2020 news Industry Leaders Collaborate to Create Principles to Guide Staking Providers May 12 2020 protocols Polkadot Token Economics May 10 2020 perspectives Opinion: Proof of Stake, Taxation, and Innovation May 8 2020 View More ?????????????????? View More ?????????????????? Protocols Launch secure node clusters to participate in blockchain protocols, from one simple interface. Protocols Algorand Celo Coda Cosmos Decred Edgeware eth2 Flow Keep Kusama Libra Livepeer Near NuCypher Oasis Ontology Polkadot SKALE Solana Tezos In Development Ava Cardano Dfinity Filecoin Terra Platform The premier platform to run highly efficient node clusters. Bison Trails built a platform that makes it easy for asset managers, funds, investors, exchanges, and custodians to safely participate in Proof of Stake and Proof of Authority networks. Bison Trails\u2019 node clusters offer industry-leading availability and resiliency across 20 protocols. Secure and Private Claim tokens, provide secure and private access to blockchains, without worrying about scale, redundancy, or risks like getting slashed for double-signing. Distributed Bison Trails' nodes strengthen networks by being geographically distributed across cloud-providers and regions around the world. Multi-Cloud Bison Trails runs participation clusters across multiple availability zones on the multiple cloud providers. This means your nodes have near-infinite resiliency and unmatched availability. Enterprise-grade Security We provide 24/7 monitoring and support to keep your infrastructure safe with best-in-class security architecture for key management using CloudHSM and YubiHSM hardware. Real-time data & analytics Gain insights and deep knowledge about a protocol from participating in networks. Non-custodial We don\u2019t take custody of your assets so they are safe where they are. Contact us to get started Join Our Herd Bison Trails' New York City office is located in Tribeca. We're now a fully distributed team and we're hiring! Contact Us General Contact us Press For press inquiries, contact press@bisontrails.co Pioneering Blockchain Infrastructure?????????????????? Home Platform Protocols About News Help Center Brand Careers ", 
    "CompanyName": "Bison", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "bisontrails", 
    "Hash": "99CC65B049F8DA78D2F0230976D00E59", 
    "KeyTerms": "staking, cloud, data analytics, exchanges, cosmos, proof of stake, protocols", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Enterprise, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://bisontrails.co/careers", 
        "https://bisontrails.co/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/bison-trails-customer-success-specialist/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of stake", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- bisontrails", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Bison Trails", 
    "Url": "https://bisontrails.co/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
