{
    "Body": "HOME Solution ???????????? ???????????? Overview Features Roadmap Benefits Verticals ???????????????????????? ???????????? Smart Cities Industrial Healthcare Smart Homes Autonomous Vehicles Developers ???????????? ???????????? Overview SDK Getting Started Developer Incentive Program Company ???????????? ???????????? About Atonomi Leadership Careers News menu menu menu Bringing Trust and Security to IoT SCROLL Atonomi brings Trust and Security to IoT Atonomi provides IoT developers and manufacturers with an embedded solution to secure devices with blockchain-based immutable identity and reputation tracking. We help provide the identity and trust required for our increasingly connected world. READ????????????MORE About And our world is getting more connected by the minute. Gartner estimates that some 5 million new IoT devices come on line every day, and that by 2020 there will be more than 20 billion IoT devices deployed worldwide. \u200d For a deeper look at how Atonomi is helping to secure the IoT with immutable identity and reputation tracking, download our white paper. \u200d The World of IoT is Growing 5 4 3 2 1 5 4 3 2 1 Million Number of IoT Devices Newly Deployed Each Day 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Billion Total Number of IoT Devices Deployed 20 19 18 17 16 12 8 6 4 3 2 1 20 19 18 17 16 12 8 6 4 3 2 1 Billion Number of IoT????????????Devices Expected by 2020 Atonomi Features 1 Identity Validation 2 Device Reputation 3 Interoperability 4 Transactions-based Environment 5 Extensible Architecture 6 Read Our White Paper 7 Atonomi Embedded SDK 1 Identity Validation 2 Device Reputation 3 Interoperability 4 Transactions-based Environment 5 Extensible Architecture 6 Read Our White Paper 7 Atonomi Embedded SDK Identity Validation Device identity is recorded and validated on an immutable ledger READ MORE Identity Validation Identity is essential to trust and security. The Atonomi trust environment harnesses the power of blockchain technology to provide an immutable record of identity for IoT devices. Developers and manufacturers can download the Atonomi Embedded SDK so each of their unique device identities can be written to the blockchain and continually validated by Atonomi.???????????? The very small footprint of our embedded SDK means that developers and manufacturers can provide the security of Atonomi identity registration and reputation tracking on the small, resource-constrained, devices that make up the IoT. This immutable device identity helps open a new world of trusted machine-to-machine interactions\u2014which are increasingly required for the rapidly growing Internet of Things. Manufacturer Device Device Owner Registration portal Device ID stored on blockchain Device Reputation Reputation is calculated and recorded based on monitored transactions. READ MORE Device Reputation By tracking device reputation, Atonomi helps detect and identify poorly performing or compromised devices. This helps organizations maintain service levels while protecting against the dangers of devices that have been hacked or in other ways compromised. Atonomi uses machine behaviors, records and analyzes device interactions, and constantly searches for changes and other aberrations. Our Reputation feature generates device scores based on unique behavioral signatures representing varying degrees of security, commercial, service, and other quality measurements. Together with our immutable identity, reputation is a key enabler of a future consisting of trusted devices securely interacting in an autonomous manner. Pre-transaction Post-transaction Device A Device Handshake Device B Devices establish a secure connection, exchange ID, and cross-check reputation from blockchain Device A Reputation Score Device B Reputation Score Device A Device B Devices submit reputation reports to IRN, which writes to blockchain atonomi-icon-1 Identity Registry Network (IRN) Device A Reputation Score Device B Reputation Score Interoperability Enables transactions between validated devices, regardless of manufacturer READ MORE Interoperability Trust and reputation enable security which in turn enables interoperability among IoT devices. Trusted interoperability of IoT devices is essential for the secure exchange of data and commerce at scale. By facilitating trusted interoperability between devices, Atonomi solves a fundamental problem of security in IoT and facilitates an innovation hub for the developer community. \u200d Industrial IoT devices often need to extend autonomous interoperability to include resources beyond the domain of the manufacturing facility. Smart cities are employing automation to seamlessly connect IoT devices and resources to lower power consumption, reduce traffic congestion, enhance air quality, increase safety, and improve overall livability across many different device types and manufacturers. Device A Device B Device C Device A ID stored on blockchain Device B ID stored on blockchain Device C ID stored on blockchain Transactions-based Environment Atonomi's blockchain-based tokenization of services for identity and reputation enables fluid interactions between IoT devices across the Atonomi trust environment. READ MORE Transactions-Based Environment We tokenize the identity and reputation of devices on the Atonomi, leveraging Ethereum, while utilizing the Atonomi token as a means to drive ecosystem participation. Key participants such as OEM/device manufacturers, distributors, device owners and auditors will receive Atonomi Token for participating in the Atonomi trust environment. Device Score 5 Device Transact 4 Device Owners Validate 3 Device Managers Activate 2 Manufacturers Register 1 Extensible Architecture An open platform that encourages third-party development READ MORE Extensible Architecture The Atonomi Network has been designed for others to build upon and extend the services to meet the additional needs of new and existing market segments. The Identity Registry and Reputation Tracking can be integrated into services such as smart cities, industrial IoT, healthcare, home automation, and a world of other opportunities. Atonomi\u2019s extensibility enables device developers and OEMs to create their own custom, vertical-specific solutions while integrating the identity and reputation tracking of the Atonomi Network. Chip manufacturers / OEMS Atonomi Embedded SDK flashed onto IoT chips Smart device manufacturers Device Manufacturers register with Atonomi Retailers / system integrators Smart device owners / users Device owner activates device with Atonomi Future Iot applications Atonomi IoT Dev Community innovates with Atonomi Read Our White Paper For a deeper look at how Atonomi is helping to secure the IoT with immutable registration of identity, and reputation tracking, download our white paper DOWNLOAD NOW Atonomi Embedded SDK Download the Atonomi Embedded SDK READ MORE Atonomi Embedded SDK It\u2019s easy to give your IoT devices the trust and security of blockchain-based immutable device identity and reputation tracking. Just download our Atonomi Embedded SDK from GitHub. \u200d With a footprint of less than 100 KB (just 60KB for most devices) the Atonomi Embedded SDK is a testament to the precision coding of our developers. With our long experience working within IoT, we know that to meet deployment demands IoT devices frequently are resource constrained, measuring memory and storage in kilobytes, not megabytes or gigabytes. \u200d 1 Identity Validation 2 Device Reputation 3 Interoperability 4 Transactions-based Environment 5 Extensible Architecture 6 Read Our White Paper 7 Atonomi Embedded SDK Benefits of Atonomi Establishing a trusted device identity on the immutable record of the blockchain opens a world of services and business opportunities Device reputation tracking allows you to detect aberrations in device behavior to help reduce your risk of doing business with others in the Atonomi trust environment Interoperability of devices enables transactions between validated devices regardless of manufacturer, empowering you to interact with others in the Atonomi trust environment Extensibility to support IoT devices across a spectrum of verticals and use cases Protecting the World of IoT The Atonomi Network provides the trust and security of immutable identity and blockchain-based reputation tracking to support a world of IoT uses, including major areas such as: Smart Cities Industrial Healthcare Smart Homes Autonomous Vehicles Upcoming Events Blockchain Seattle 2018 Panel Slot Sept 10-11, 2018 MWC Americas 2018 Meeting Suite Sept 12-14, 2018 ITA IoT Council Fall Breakfast Presentation Sept 28, 2018 Arm TechCon 2018 Booth # 1600 Oct 16-19, 2018 ATONOMI Overview Solution UPDATES News COMPANY About Us Careers 10002 Aurora Ave N Suite 36 PMB 395 Seattle WA 98133 Phone: 206.858.8702 Email: info@atonomi.io Follow Us: ???????????? 2019 Atonomi. All Rights Reserved. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Atonomi", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "atonomi", 
    "Hash": "A1F0CA6DDFDE52E4F925E8AE115DBC05", 
    "KeyTerms": "ethereum, github, internet of things, smart cities, interoperability, sdk, embedded, tokenization, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Atonomi", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://atonomi.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://atonomi.io/careers"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/atonomi-social-media-events-marketing-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- atonomi", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Atonomi - Bringing Trust and Security to IoT", 
    "Url": "https://atonomi.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
