{
    "Body": "donate in crypto Help people in need around the world, and support the causes you care about. Make a donation in crypto to a nonprofit. Why donate in cryptocurrency? Maximize your impact Give crypto directly to a nonprofit, and more of your donation can go to the causes you care about as transaction fees are lower than traditional payment methods. Donate more, pay less in taxes In the United States, and many other jurisdictions, cryptocurrency donations are treated as property. This means they are not subject to capital gains tax and are tax deductible. Donate anonymously You can donate crypto anonymously. Support the causes you care about and maintain your privacy. The Pineapple Fund donated $55 million worth of bitcoin to charities anonymously. Donate across borders Anyone, anywhere in the world can donate crypto to support the causes they care about. Nonprofits accept donations in bitcoin and other digital currencies. Encourage adoption and transparency When you donate in crypto, you help promote transparent giving and encourage wider adoption as nonprofits share the benefits of cryptocurrency to their supporters. these nonprofits are excited to accept donations in cryptocurrency. 350.org A grassroots global movement working to unite the world around solutions to the climate crisis. Donate Acts of Kindness Collective We are dedicated to empowering people in South East Asia through knowledge, health, and freedom. Donate Against Malaria Foundation We protect people from malaria. We fund nets and ensure they are distributed and used. We show you where the nets go. We monitor and report their use and impact. Donate Amazon Watch We protect the rainforest and advance the rights of indigenous peoples in the Amazon Basin. Donate America SCORES - Bay Area We deliver free, accessible after school youth development programs that combine soccer, poetry and service learning. Donate American Red Cross We prevent and alleviate human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.\u200b Donate Amplio Network We use technology and services to share knowledge with the world's most vulnerable communities. Donate BitGive Foundation Leverages the power of Bitcoin and Blockchain technology to revolutionize philanthropy. Donate Blockchain for Humanity A decentralized, not-for-profit foundation that scouts, recognizes, supports, receives donations, and catalyzes resources to projects applying the blockchain technology on positive impact use cases. Donate Blockshop DC An incubator and event space in Washington DC dedicated to building blockchain solutions. Donate Chabad on Campus We have homes on more than 260 campuses worldwide where Jewish students can chill and connect. Donate Charity Navigator We work to ensure that charitable donations go to efficient, accountable and transparent charities worthy of support. Donate Code to Inspire Building Afghanistan 2.0 by teaching girls how to code. Donate Coin Center We protect open blockchain networks and innovators' rights to use them. Donate Conservation International Through cutting-edge science, innovative pol\u200b\u200bicy and global reach, we empower people to protect the nature that we rely on for food, fresh water and livelihoods. Donate Cool Earth We work with local people to halt deforestation and climate change. Donate Crohn's & Colitis Foundation We are dedicated to finding cures for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, and improving the quality of life of children and adults affected by these diseases. Donate Cure JM Foundation Our mission is to find a cure and better treatments for Juvenile Myositis and improve the lives of families affected by JM. Donate Django Software Foundation The goal of the Django Foundation is to promote, support, and advance the Django web framework. Donate Electronic Frontier Foundation We defend your civil liberties in a digital world. Donate Experience Camps Transforming the lives of grieving children through free, one-week summer camp programs. Donate Foundation for Individual Rights in Education Our mission is to defend and sustain the individual rights of students and faculty members at America's colleges and universities. Donate FreeBSD Foundation We are dedicated to supporting and building the FreeBSD Project and community worldwide. Donate Freedom of the Press Foundation We protect, defend, and empower public-interest journalism in the 21st century. Donate GiveCrypto Our mission is to financially empower people by distributing cryptocurrency globally. Donate GiveDirectly Send money directly to those living in extreme poverty, no strings attached. Donate GiveWell GiveWell is a nonprofit dedicated to finding outstanding giving opportunities and publishing the full details of our analysis to help donors decide where to give. Donate Greenpeace We exist because this fragile Earth deserves a voice. It needs solutions. It needs change. It needs action. Donate Growing Veterans We empower veterans to cultivate purpose and belonging by growing food, community and each other. Donate Heifer International We're on a mission to end hunger and poverty in a sustainable way by supporting and investing alongside local farmers and their communities. Donate Human Rights Foundation We promote democracy and human rights around the world, with a focus on authoritarian regimes, and we produce the Oslo Freedom Forum. Donate human-I-T We provide opportunities to low-income families by providing free/affordable hardware, internet, & training through refurbishing unwanted E-Waste. Donate Humanity Road We connect people, animals and emergency officials with help and resources when disaster strike. Donate Internet Archive We are building a digital library of Internet sites and other cultural artifacts in digital form. Our mission is to provide Universal Access to All Knowledge. Donate Khan Academy Our mission is to provide a free, world\u2011class education for anyone, anywhere. Donate Let's Encrypt A free, automated, and open Certificate Authority, run for the public's benefit. Donate Lupus Foundation of America Our mission is to improve the quality of life for all people affected by lupus through programs of research, education, support and advocacy. Donate Machine Intelligence Research Institute We do foundational mathematical research to ensure smarter-than-human artificial intelligence has a positive impact. Donate Mercy Corps Our mission is to alleviate suffering, poverty and oppression by helping people build secure, productive and just communities. Donate Methuselah Foundation We incubate and sponsor mission-relevant ventures, fund research, and support projects and prizes to accelerate breakthroughs in longevity. Donate Mises Institute We promote Austrian economics, freedom, and peace in the tradition of Ludwig von Mises through research, publishing, and education. Donate Mona Foundation We support grassroots educational initiatives and raise the status of women and girls around the world. Donate Mozilla Foundation We all love the Web. Join Mozilla in defending it. Let's protect the world's largest resource for future generations. Donate Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies A research and educational organization that develops medical, legal, and cultural contexts for people to benefit from the careful uses of psychedelics and marijuana. Donate No Kid Hungry 1 in 7 children in America faces hunger, all across the United States, in every community. It's real. With your help, we can change it. Donate Open Medicine Foundation OMF is fundraising to support open, collaborative research to find effective treatments and diagnostic markers for ME/CFS and related chronic complex diseases. Donate Open Privacy Research Society A Canadian research non-profit building tools & systems that enable consent. Donate OpenBSD Foundation We support and further the development, advancement, and maintenance of free software based on the OpenBSD operating system. Donate Organ Preservation Alliance Globally, millions of lives each year can be saved by increased availability of organs and tissues. We are dedicated to catalyzing breakthroughs in organ and tissue preservation. Donate Pencils of Promise We create schools, programs and global communities around the common goal of education for all. Donate Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Creating a scene in downtown Pittsburgh since 1984. Donate PTSD Veteran Athletes Our mission is to reduce the overwhelming amount of suicides that is unfortunately plaguing our veteran community. Donate Rainforest Action Network We take action against the companies and industries driving deforestation and climate change. Donate Rainforest Foundation US We protect the rainforests of Central and South America by working with the indigenous communities that call them home. Donate Rockflower We are a global venture philanthropy fund that connects catalytic funding to local initiatives in emerging economies seeking to improve and elevate the lives of women and girls. Donate Royal National Lifeboat Institution We are the RNLI: the charity that saves lives at sea. Every day of every year, people of all backgrounds get into danger in the water. It's a problem that we're here to tackle. Donate Save the Children For 100 years, we've been giving children in the U.S. and around the world a healthy start in life, the opportunity to learn and protection from harm. Donate SEED Madagascar We are working towards sustainable, environment, education and development goals across southeast Madagascar. Donate SENS Research Foundation We are redefining the way the world researches and treats age-related ill health, while inspiring the next generation of biomedical scientists. Donate Skysthelimit.org We help young, underrepresented and underestimated entrepreneurs build and grow their businesses. Donate Team Rubicon We mobilize veterans to serve communities and to help people prepare, respond, and recover from disasters and humanitarian crises. Donate The Apache Software Foundation The world's largest Open Source foundation provides $20B+ worth of software for the public good at 100% no cost. Donate The Foundation of the Chamber of Digital Commerce Focused on developing creative solutions to the most pressing issues facing the blockchain industry Donate The Good Food Institute We're using markets and food technology to change food and change the world. Donate The Humane League We exist to end the abuse of animals raised for food. Together, we are here, for the animals. Donate The Institute for Justice The Institute for Justice is the National Law Firm for Liberty. Donate The Life You Can Save Our mission is to help change the culture of giving in affluent countries and increase donations to nonprofits that improve the lives of people in extreme poverty. Donate The Turing Trust We support education in sub-Saharan Africa by reusing computers and improving teacher training using ICT. Donate The Water Project We provide access to clean, safe and reliable water and sanitation solutions across sub-Saharan Africa, one village at a time. Donate Thorn We build technology to defend children from sexual abuse. Donate Tidepool An open source, nonprofit effort to liberate diabetes data, support researchers, and provide great, free software to the diabetes community. Donate Tony Hawk Foundation We help create free, public skateparks for at risk youth across the U.S. Donate Tor Project We advance human rights and defend your privacy online through free software and open networks. Donate Trees for the Future We are dedicated to improving the livelihoods of impoverished farmers by revitalizing degraded lands. Donate Tunapanda Institute We teach tech, design and business skills to increase income and personal freedom through self-expression. Donate United Way We fight for the health, education, and financial stability of every person in every community. Donate Us for Warriors Foundation We help veterans, active duty military, and their families to overcome hardships and improve their ability to contribute their unique experiences, training, and leadership skills to society. Donate Watsi We're building technology to finance universal healthcare by crowdfunding surgeries and administering health insurance systems. Donate Wikimedia Foundation A global movement whose mission is to bring free educational content to the world. Donate Wild Tomorrow Fund We are dedicated to the protection of threatened and endangered species and the habitats they depend on for survival. Donate Add your nonprofit to Donate in Crypto, and get your organization in front of the crypto community.Email Twitter I created Donate in Crypto to raise awareness of the benefits of cryptocurrency giving, and showcase the innovative nonprofits that have embraced this transformative technology. While it's still early days, I'm excited about cryptocurrency and what's possible as more talented people of all demographics and backgrounds from around the world join forces and leave their mark on this space. -Daniel Get involved. Give the gift of crypto Take action and use your time and talent to create change Encourage the nonprofits you support to accept cryptocurrency Share this website and help raise awareness about cryptocurrency giving A Cryptocurrency Jobs Initiative. Come build the decentralized future Join This website is for informational purposes only. It is not intended to be, and should not be construed as legal or tax advice. Please consult a tax advisor about the legal or tax consequences of donating in cryptocurrency. All organization names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners, and are used on this website for identification purposes only. Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement. Cryptocurrency icons provided by cryptoicons.co.", 
    "CompanyName": "Donate", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "donateincrypto", 
    "Hash": "A43D3BB9436FEACC1C3CC7D6AB9A5899", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, django, financial, crowdfunding, privacy, decentralized, bitcoin, artificial intelligence, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/?ref=donateincrypto.com", 
        "https://openprivacy.ca/?ref=donateincrypto.com", 
        "https://www.openbsdfoundation.org/donations.html?ref=donateincrypto.com"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/partners/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- donateincrypto", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Donate Crypto to Nonprofits", 
    "Url": "https://donateincrypto.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
