{
    "Body": "Social Media Manager New York, NY / Marketing / Full time Apply for this job About TQ Tezos (Tocqueville Group) TQ is a New York-based blockchain technology company advancing the Tezos project. In close collaboration with global teams,TQ builds products on Tezos and developer tools to help other teams all around the world do so. TQ also helps startups and enterprises adopt Tezos for a variety of exciting use cases, facilitating the growth of a robust, high-functioning Tezos ecosystem. About the Role Do you have an eye for detail, a knack for building interpersonal relationships at scale (online/offline), and a desire to deep dive into a technology that is changing the world? At TQ your role will be the connective tissue between TQ Tezos and the broader Tezos community. Your day-to-day will be focused on coordinating and collaborating with the Tezos community with the goal of broadcasting our community ambitions, articulating plans, and updating the community on progress toward those goals. Your primary mission will be to attract, engage with, and expand the Tezos and TQ Tezos audiences both within and beyond the existing blockchain enthusiast community.???????????? What You Will Work On Participating in and monitoring across accounts and many social channels - Telegram, Medium, website, Reddit, Twitter, email, meetups, and more. Designing and executing the TQ Tezos community engagement strategy in partnership with content and marketing managers. You\u2019ll put campaigns and measurement capabilities into place. Actively responding to all questions and comments across key platforms with the goal of increasing active conversations within our channels. You\u2019ll become the go-to person behind TQ Tezos social media platforms. Working closely with the greater marketing team you\u2019ll coordinate and proactively plan, sometimes write, and publish new content (blog posts, videos, white paper, etc.) on a regular basis to help drive the conversation, with the goal of turning new and active community members into ecosystem ambassadors. Creating community feedback loops will become your specialty. Collaborating with event, marketing, and business development leaders, you\u2019ll consolidate and provide valuable community feedback on a regular basis. You\u2019ll supply community ambassadors with information and encourage them to increase the reach of content. Reporting and measuring results of campaigns will be a key function. You\u2019ll be comfortable with quickly iterating on strategy and optimizing tactics to expedite the growth of our community. Skills and Requirements Action oriented and can manage many work streams at once, but you also know when the stakes are high and you need to focus on quality over quantity. Deep familiarity with managing social media channels and the platforms/tools required to do so effectively and at scale. Experience planning, designing, building, and operating a sizable community engagement user base (online/offline). Experience writing high quality content and have experience with editorializing technology products. Comfortable with digital analytics and management tools like Google Analytics, Sprout, Tweetdeck, and others.???????????? Enjoy being the go-to within communities, but value being the connective tissue and NOT the expert. Bonus Points For Familiarity with the blockchain industry. Built and managed your own community engagement team(s), and know how to elicit high performance from every team member. Have worked at a marketing agency, major technology company, or have start-up experience (greater than 2 years) Experience with public speaking at community events. We offer a flexible work environment, competitive compensation, full benefits, and unlimited time off. Candidates with questions should contact careers@tqgroup.io. Apply for this job TQ Tezos Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "About", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "A50AD10F194CB48C7AE6A32E4E1775B6", 
    "KeyTerms": "collaboration, business development, full time", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/tqgroup", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/tqgroup/da9272d1-1b42-4a82-b7a3-ff28e41f4e22/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/tq-tezos-social-media-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "TQ Tezos - Social Media Manager", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/tqgroup/da9272d1-1b42-4a82-b7a3-ff28e41f4e22?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
