{
    "Body": "Quora Sign In Blockchain Technology Blockchain (database) Jobs and Careers in India Virtual Currencies Cryptocurrencies Technology India What is required to start a career in blockchain technology in India? UpdateCancel aEeBHJdA VGAIbnXMyL gpGjeohTfoiWQerkFepDPbcuyOsidnPSXoanWorySvi GoToWebinar with Stripe. Accept payments with ease. Sign Up You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo 38 Answers Samrat Roy Chowdhuri, Founder and Chief Blogger at TechieSamrat.com (2016-present) Answered Oct 7, 2017 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 88 answers and 91.5k answer views If you are looking to start a career in blockchain, you need to ask yourself what part of it do you want to be in. For example, if someone tells you \u201cI want to work in software industry\u201d, you would ask him - \u201cDo you want to be a developer, tester, architect, consultant, marketing, sales?\u201d The same question applies here. But let me consider that you want to be a developer, here\u2019s what you need to know - a basic bachelor\u2019s degree is good to have. You should know Ethereum development, Solidity, Truffle, JavaScript, TestRPC. Because most startups or organizations are looking to build on the Ether... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 If you are looking to start a career in blockchain, you need to ask yourself what part of it do you want to be in. For example, if someone tells you \u201cI want to work in software industry\u201d, you would ask him - \u201cDo you want to be a developer, tester, architect, consultant, marketing, sales?\u201d The same question applies here. But let me consider that you want to be a developer, here\u2019s what you need to know - a basic bachelor\u2019s degree is good to have. You should know Ethereum development, Solidity, Truffle, JavaScript, TestRPC. Because most startups or organizations are looking to build on the Ethereum. The demand for developers are huge and there are not many professionals available in the market today. So if you can go over the internet, try to grab the basics of blockchain and smart contract development and develop a couple of applications on TestRPC and know how to deploy on the Ethereum, you are good to go. 13.4k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 46 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 Answer requested by Vijay Sekhu Related QuestionsMore Answers Below What will be the future of people who learnt block chain technology in India as cryptocurrencies are banned? How can I best become educated in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology? How do I get certified in blockchain technology? What is the potential of blockchain technology? What is the future of blockchain technology for a developer? Nathan Arnold, ICO Developer Answered Oct 17, 2018 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. We Provide Blockchain Development Services? If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first i would like to suggest you should go with ICO Development because ICO development is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICO Development has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. Services by ICO Development: DApps Development Supply chain Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Development ICO Development Image Source : Google Here are the skill sets you must master : Ethereum- If you want to become a Blockchain Developer, you must know the popular programming language-Solidity. Solidity is used to write smart contracts. If you are wondering what solidity is, it\u2019s an object-oriented programming language. Its syntax is similar to JavaScript and ECMAScript. Thus, if you have preliminary knowledge about JavaScript, learning Solidity becomes easier for you. Hyperledger: Hyperledger is a private permission Blockchain used to develop business blockchain framework with the help of hyperledger tools. If you wish to start with Hyperledger then you have two stable projects, (i) Hyperledger Fabric, and (ii)Hyperledger Composer We have a few more of them but they are not as stable as the ones mentioned above and are under moderation. Multichain: Multichain is used to develop solutions for Private Blockchain which can be either permission or permissionless. You can also build public blockchain if you have an expertise in Multichain. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantage are: Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Transparency in transactions Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With a technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Hiring across top companies Top companies across the globe such as IBM, Microsoft, Intel, JP Morgan Chase are recruiting Blockchain developers in huge numbers. Closer home, Reliance Infocomm, Yes Bank, Bajaj Electricals and Mahindra Group have employed Blockchain in many of their operations. The distributed ledger system is believed to lower operational cost. Hence it is expected that these corporations will need a lot of professionals for the transition from old to new technology. A PwC report says, 56% of Indian businesses are inclined to make blockchain a part of their core business. Blockchain has multiple applications: Many think that Blockchain is only associated with Bitcoins, which is not true. The application of Blockchain technology is diverse and its utility can be seen in healthcare, supply chain, banking services, manufacturing, real estate, digitizing land records etc. This means gradually all walks of life will be pervaded by this technology and operations will be designed keeping these in mind. This implies that companies in most of the sectors in India will hire professionals who can work on Blockchain technology. The rise of Cryptocurrencies: Even though cryptocurrencies are yet to get clearance from the regulatory bodies in India, they seem to be on the rise. A number of Bitcoin exchanges and wallets have cropped up in India. Zebpay, Unocoin, Coinsecure, Coinmama, and BTCXIndia are few of them. As per statistics, there are thousands of customers who are on board the Bitcoin companies every day. If Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies are accepted by the Indian authorities, there will be a huge demand for Blockchain developers amongst start-ups and established players alike. Image Source : Google Growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets: Post demonetization in India, we have witnessed the proliferation of Fintech/ Digital payment firms. Gradually, credit settlement, insurance claim settlement, loan disbursal, micro-financing etc. will depend on various forms of technology and Blockchain is one of them. Studies have shown that Blockchain technology, with its Distributed ledger Technology (DLT), can facilitate quicker claim settlement, easier customer enrollment, fraud control etc. Application of Blockchain in Financial Services Industry Initiatives were taken by India to embrace Blockchain Technology India has taken huge steps towards digitization on account of transparency, integrity, and security, in the recent past. Most people are of the opinion that the adoption of Blockchain Technology will complement this move quite well: As the number of professionals in the Blockchain sphere is limited, some higher educational institutions have launched courses for gaining expertise in this technology. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to constitute an expert committee to study the application of Blockchain technology in creating a decentralized and cashless Banking system. How do I Get Started in Blockchain Development? The blockchain is an infrastructural technology, which means it will underlie other software such as web and mobile applications. Fortunately, as the technology becomes increasingly popular, the tools and applications that facilitate its use are increasing in number. As open-source projects, the source code for popular blockchains is available for reuse and adaptation. Getting involved in the projects and different forks will require experience, where the developers share and discuss their code. Since most of these projects have been developed in C++, having solid knowledge of the language is almost fundamental. However, there are libraries available in easier programming languages and platforms. Here are a few resources to help you get started: If you're a web developer, this lengthy post from The Marmalade Blog will get you started in understanding the dynamics of the technology. Its no-less-lengthy follow-up gives a hands-on example in Solidity, a language that resembles Javascript. If you're a C# programmer, Blockchain Programming in C# is an in-depth and free book that will get you started on blockchain programming. DApps for Beginners is a blog that gets you started on Decentralized Apps on the ethereum blockchain. The platform requires Javascript knowledge, but knowing C++ will also help. Learning Blockchain is not a day\u2019s affair, it\u2019s a new technology and is changing every day. Thus, it is essential that you must have the passion for learning new things. A good institute plays a key role in this. You must consult premium institutes or companies offering blockchain development training like Blockchain Council where you can hone your skills and learn more about blockchain development. If you want to build robust Blockchain solutions or any other requirement for business then, contact us and find out how we can help ignite the spark. 9.4k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 490 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers ssFpvzwNAoIqNdVntsQTouxHwlrhcTtNecEvdhTv coVoZbfSyQIHDM SGYKoEZoaWDDoRDZRazTdmjUdHrAyT Show up when they search. People are still looking for your business online. Be there with a free GoDaddy Websites+Marketing site. Start Now You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo Prateek Singhania, Blockchain Expert & Co-Founder at Ginete Technologies (2019-present) Answered Jul 25, 2019 What I believe is, this is the question that might be flicking out in your mind. We all know that Blockchain Technology is at boom currently and since it\u2019s offering high paying packages, everyone wants to flood into it. Let me describe in details what all you need to get a decent job in the space. Let\u2019s begin !! So yeah, first of all It\u2019s necessary that you should be having a decent computer Science background in order to know the concepts of the programming well. If you are comfortable in that, you can start learning about blockchain(covered in later points) very easily. But if you\u2019re NOT fro... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 What I believe is, this is the question that might be flicking out in your mind. We all know that Blockchain Technology is at boom currently and since it\u2019s offering high paying packages, everyone wants to flood into it. Let me describe in details what all you need to get a decent job in the space. Let\u2019s begin !! So yeah, first of all It\u2019s necessary that you should be having a decent computer Science background in order to know the concepts of the programming well. If you are comfortable in that, you can start learning about blockchain(covered in later points) very easily. But if you\u2019re NOT from a Technical Background, and then also you want to learn about Blockchain, not to worry, everything is in place for you too. So here it goes, steps to take immediate action if you want to catch up with the fast growing world, specially when it comes to technology. These are the steps for the people both with the technical and non-technical background: You have learn the basics of Object Oriented Programming: Yes, since OOPS is the basic of every programming concept, they are pillars of Computer Science. Start learning about the basics of Javascript: Someone truly said, \u201cJavaScript is the father of all programming languages\u201d. You have to have the knowledge of JS while working on blockchain, better to learn before. Learn the basics of Blockchain: When I started leaning about blockchain around 2 years, there were not many courses available to directly refer to, so I opted for the best learning methodology, i.e. Self R&D, and believe, that proves out to be the best. I will prefer we should always develop an habit of self learning via googling and googling and reading the articles more and more. Even if you prefer some ready made courses to learn the basics, there is one by George Levy on Udemy. Investigate about Blockchain: You should at least know what special is there in Blockchain due which it\u2019s gaining so much of popularity in today\u2019s industry. What makes it so special? Which industries are jumping onto it. Decide what specific blockchain you have to learn about: I decided Ethereum to start with. There is one very major and important thing in Ethereum Blockchain and that is Smart Contracts. Today, Ethereum is the most widely used Blockchain Platform in the industrial applications, and yes since we are talking about getting a job, we have to look what industry is demanding. Learn about Solidity Programming language which is the core of Ethereum Blockchain. Best way to learn is the official docs provided by the Solidity. Else you may refer to many courses available on Udemy. But again Self R&D is the best option according to me. Make some demo projects based on Ethereum Blockchain: Write some demo DApps(Decentralized Applications) and upload your code on GitHub. You should make a GitHub repo at the very beginning of starting writing the code so that your GitHub repo should perfectly show the history of all the commits. Make a Proper LinkedIn profile mentioning about your experience in the Blockchain Space, a link to your GitHub repo and an updated CV including all your test DApps that you have made till now. Follow Medium.com: You should read maximum number of articles on Medium and Reddit because they are the best channels to be referred for learning anything new about technology. Like I find this article very very useful to learn about creating a DApp in the easiest way possible Hope this information was useful for you and you will land up into a good and high paying job soon. Happy searching. Please let me know if you want any kind of help or any other information, I would be happy to help. All the Best !! 3.1k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 31 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Melissa Fernandez, former Blockchain Developer Answered Jan 7, 2019 The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. The decentralized agreement has therefore been claimed with a blockchain. Blockchain was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 to serve as the public transaction ledger of the cryptocurrency bitcoin. Ma... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. The decentralized agreement has therefore been claimed with a blockchain. Blockchain was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 to serve as the public transaction ledger of the cryptocurrency bitcoin. Main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantage are: \u2022 Lack of dependence on a centralised authority \u2022 Transparency in transactions \u2022 Protection against data tampering \u2022 Hackproof data due to encryption Are You for the Best Service Providing The Company? Then I Would Like To Suggest You Best Service Provide The BlockchainDevelopments Company. BlockchainDevelopments has most able and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 BlockchainDevelopments services in worldwide and blockchain experts give a most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. So I Recommended World Wide Best Securely Service Provide The BlockchainDevelopments Company. Blockchain Developments Services provide: \u2022 Blockchain Development \u2022 ICO Development \u2022 Smart Contracts \u2022 DApp Development \u2022 Wallet Development \u2022 Blockchain Consulting \u2022 Cryptocurrency Development \u2022 Hedera Hashgraph Why choose us Blockchain Developments? Thus, the need to outsource it as a technology solution is trending for most of the businesses and companies. However, with so many development companies claiming to be the best, it is challenging to select the right blockchain development company for your business. \u2022 No Hidden Charge \u2022 Good Quality Service \u2022 Creative Minds \u2022 One Stop Solution Looking for Blockchain Solution? Talk to our blockchain experts, our experts will guide you on how to innovate your business using blockchain. Feel free to contact at:http://www.blockchaindevelopment... Check their Portfolio: https://bit.ly/2DQVbph 2k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 252 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Related QuestionsMore Answers Below Where can I find a technical explanation of blockchain technology? How do I become a blockchain technology expert? How beneficial is it to learn blockchain technology via a paid course? What is the scope of blockchain technology in the market? What is the potential of blockchain technology? Andrea Johnston, Hedera Hashgraph Developer Answered Mar 8, 2019 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. Codezeros Services Apart from Blockchain Development: Blockchain Development Blockchain Consulting ICO Development Cryptocurrency Development Smart Contracts Decentralized Apps Development Wallet Development Hyperledger Hedera Hashgraph Codezeros Provide Blockchain Development Services. If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first I would like to suggest you should go with Codezeros because Codezeros is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. Codezeros has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. How do I Get Started in Blockchain Development? The blockchain is an infrastructural technology, which means it will underlie other software such as web and mobile applications. Fortunately, as the technology becomes increasingly popular, the tools and applications that facilitate its use are increasing in number. As open-source projects, the source code for popular blockchains is available for reuse and adaptation. Getting involved in the projects and different forks will require experience, where the developers share and discuss their code. Since most of these projects have been developed in C++, having solid knowledge of the language is almost fundamental. However, there are libraries available in easier programming languages and platforms. Here are a few resources to help you get started: If you're a web developer, this lengthy post from The Marmalade Blog will get you started in understanding the dynamics of the technology. Its no-less-lengthy follow-up gives a hands-on example in Solidity, a language that resembles JavaScript. If you're a C# programmer, Blockchain Programming in C# is an in-depth and free book that will get you started on blockchain programming. DApps for Beginners is a blog that gets you started on Decentralized Apps on the ethereum blockchain. The platform requires JavaScript knowledge, but knowing C++ will also help. Why a career in Blockchain seems so lucrative? Hiring across top companies Blockchain has multiple applications The rise of Cryptocurrencies Growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets Why Work with Codezeros? As a leading Blockchain Development company in the India, Codezeros operates with a team of dedicated Blockchain developers and designers to meet the evolving needs of business and society. Their main focus is to deliver the best to the clients. Contact us and they will give you individual customized solution for your business requirements at https://www.icodevelopment.io/#c... Check our Portfolio https://bit.ly/2OXvkBQ 1k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 65 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers sfTpAFCWoXnUsChToqvrSwHueiJjOydQa yBxbVyjJw euiBNcHnBMUqMkHmDZYPX pkYeDDraXSUeDaoRlrZCmrHCaELlxeRQ Doctor: \u201cDoing this every morning can snap back sagging skin\". Beverly Hills surgeon reveals at home fix (no creams needed). Watch More You dismissed this ad. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.Undo Cheryl Howard, Blockchain Developer Answered Jan 25, 2019 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. ICO Development Services, Apart From Blockchain Development: POC Development MVP Development Private Blockchain Configuration and Development Smart Contract Development Hyperledger App development Decentralized App Development ICO Development We Provide Blockchain Development Services. If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first I would like to suggest you should go with ICODevelopment because ICODevelopment is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICODevelopment has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantage are: Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Transparency in transactions Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With a technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Hiring across top companies Top companies across the globe such as IBM, Microsoft, Intel, JP Morgan Chase are recruiting Blockchain developers in huge numbers. Closer home, Reliance Infocomm, Yes Bank, Bajaj Electricals and Mahindra Group have employed Blockchain in many of their operations. The distributed ledger system is believed to lower operational cost. Hence it is expected that these corporations will need a lot of professionals for the transition from old to new technology. A PwC report says, 56% of Indian businesses are inclined to make blockchain a part of their core business. Blockchain has multiple applications: Many think that Blockchain is only associated with Bitcoins, which is not true. The application of Blockchain technology is diverse and its utility can be seen in healthcare, supply chain, banking services, manufacturing, real estate, digitizing land records etc. This means gradually all walks of life will be pervaded by this technology and operations will be designed keeping these in mind. This implies that companies in most of the sectors in India will hire professionals who can work on Blockchain technology. The rise of Cryptocurrencies: Even though cryptocurrencies are yet to get clearance from the regulatory bodies in India, they seem to be on the rise. A number of Bitcoin exchanges and wallets have cropped up in India. Zebpay, Unocoin, Coinsecure, Coinmama, and BTCXIndia are few of them. As per statistics, there are thousands of customers who are on board the Bitcoin companies every day. If Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies are accepted by the Indian authorities, there will be a huge demand for Blockchain developers amongst start-ups and established players alike. Growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets: Post demonetization in India, we have witnessed the proliferation of Fintech/ Digital payment firms. Gradually, credit settlement, insurance claim settlement, loan disbursal, micro-financing etc. will depend on various forms of technology and Blockchain is one of them. Studies have shown that Blockchain technology, with its Distributed ledger Technology (DLT), can facilitate quicker claim settlement, easier customer enrollment, fraud control etc. Application of Blockchain in Financial Services Industry Initiatives were taken by India to embrace Blockchain Technology India has taken huge steps towards digitization on account of transparency, integrity, and security, in the recent past. Most people are of the opinion that the adoption of Blockchain Technology will complement this move quite well: As the number of professionals in the Blockchain sphere is limited, some higher educational institutions have launched courses for gaining expertise in this technology. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to constitute an expert committee to study the application of Blockchain technology in creating a decentralized and cashless Banking system. How do I Get Started in Blockchain Development? The blockchain is an infrastructural technology, which means it will underlie other software such as web and mobile applications. Fortunately, as the technology becomes increasingly popular, the tools and applications that facilitate its use are increasing in number. As open-source projects, the source code for popular blockchains is available for reuse and adaptation. Getting involved in the projects and different forks will require experience, where the developers share and discuss their code. Since most of these projects have been developed in C++, having solid knowledge of the language is almost fundamental. However, there are libraries available in easier programming languages and platforms. Here are a few resources to help you get started: If you're a web developer, this lengthy post from The Marmalade Blog will get you started in understanding the dynamics of the technology. Its no-less-lengthy follow-up gives a hands-on example in Solidity, a language that resembles Javascript. If you're a C# programmer, Blockchain Programming in C# is an in-depth and free book that will get you started on blockchain programming. DApps for Beginners is a blog that gets you started on Decentralized Apps on the ethereum blockchain. The platform requires Javascript knowledge, but knowing C++ will also help. If you want to build robust Blockchain solutions or any other requirement for business then, contact us and find out how we can help ignite the spark. For any type of project requirement or query, Contact Us at https://www.icodevelopment.io/#c... 4.7k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 180 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Stephanie Ramos, former Branding Specialist Answered Apr 16, 2019 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell. Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With co... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell. Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Exposure to Big Data and Data Science Knowledge of Java, C++, Ethereum\u2019s Solidity, Python Understanding of financial services, payment processing, credit services Well, if you searching for the best service provider company, then I would like to suggest your the best service provider company in BlockchainDevelopments. BlockchainDevelopments firmly believe that Blockchain is going to disrupt every industry it touches and they would like to play a vital role in this we provide you with the programming of scalable and distributed applications and custom-built protocols. so I suggest for the best service provider BlockchainDevelopments. Blockchain Developments expertise in: ICO Development Enterprise Blockchain Smart Contracts Blockchain Consulting DApps Development Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Development Blockchain Development Why choose Blockchain Developments? Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give the most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. Looking for Blockchain Solution? Talk to Thier blockchain experts, Thier experts will guide you on how to innovate your business using Blockchain. Feel free to contact at: http://www.blockchaindevelopment... Check their Portfolio: https://bit.ly/2DQVbph 879 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 140 Upvoters Tyler Cook, Blockchain Developer Answered Mar 4, 2019 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. Services by Codezeros: Blockchain Development Cryptocurrency Development ICO Development Supply chain Wallet Development Smart Contracts Decentralized Apps Hyperledger Developer Hedera Hashgraph Blockchain Consulting Codezeros Provide Blockchain Development Services. If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first i would like to suggest you should go with Codezeros because Codezeros is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. Codezeros has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. How do I Get Started in Blockchain Development? The blockchain is an infrastructural technology, which means it will underlie other software such as web and mobile applications. Fortunately, as the technology becomes increasingly popular, the tools and applications that facilitate its use are increasing in number. As open-source projects, the source code for popular blockchains is available for reuse and adaptation. Getting involved in the projects and different forks will require experience, where the developers share and discuss their code. Since most of these projects have been developed in C++, having solid knowledge of the language is almost fundamental. However, there are libraries available in easier programming languages and platforms. Here are a few resources to help you get started: If you're a web developer, this lengthy post from The Marmalade Blog will get you started in understanding the dynamics of the technology. Its no-less-lengthy follow-up gives a hands-on example in Solidity, a language that resembles Javascript. If you're a C# programmer, Blockchain Programming in C# is an in-depth and free book that will get you started on blockchain programming. DApps for Beginners is a blog that gets you started on Decentralized Apps on the ethereum blockchain. The platform requires JavaScript knowledge, but knowing C++ will also help. Why a career in Blockchain seems so lucrative? Hiring across top companies Blockchain has multiple applications The rise of Cryptocurrencies Growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets Why Choose Codezeros? Codezeros give projects delivery on-time, they provide you payment gateway services they have experienced team of blockchain consulting development they have a project in mind let\u2019s buckle up, and they give best quality service, they also give full technical support, and They have a vast experience. Contact us and they will give you individual customized solution for your business requirements at https://www.codezeros.com/contac... 1.3k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 83 Upvoters Abhishek Singh, former Program Director (2017-2019) Answered Jun 14, 2018 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 315 answers and 555.1k answer views Big players have joined the bandwagon- IBM, American Express, Goldman Sachs and many others- and are working on projects that are live or will go live soon. VC funding and investment in Blockchain was as high as $300 million in the first half of 2016 and over the years, almost over $1 billion has been poured into various Blockchain startups. Both the start-ups and the large companies need Blockchain talent to be able to visualize and execute on these projects. How many colleges and universities teach Blockchain? Zero. Nil. Nada. Zilch. So, there is demand but there is little supply. As a res... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Big players have joined the bandwagon- IBM, American Express, Goldman Sachs and many others- and are working on projects that are live or will go live soon. VC funding and investment in Blockchain was as high as $300 million in the first half of 2016 and over the years, almost over $1 billion has been poured into various Blockchain startups. Both the start-ups and the large companies need Blockchain talent to be able to visualize and execute on these projects. How many colleges and universities teach Blockchain? Zero. Nil. Nada. Zilch. So, there is demand but there is little supply. As a result, we are witnessing a huge shortage of skilled Blockchain developers. A report says, towards the end of 2016 there were only 250 Blockchain development experts around the world. You do not need to a Nobel laureate in Economics to guess what happens to the price of a good when the demand far exceeds the supply. This gap in demand and supply has allowed Blockchain talent to command greater salary for their skills. A Wall Street report says that Blockchain developers were even offered hefty salary packages of up to $250,000 by some large financial institutions. The way we look at it, there are four possible paths of learning Blockchain. Blockchain Generalist- you understand the basic concepts and are capable enough to discuss its use-cases and applications in your ecosystem Smart Contract Developer- you understand what a Smart Contract is and how to code on it Blockchain Developer- you understand the concepts of nodes and consensus and can build a bridge between UI and Smart Contracts Blockchain Expert- you understand how the code of a Blockchain like Bitcoin, Ethereum network works and can code your own Blockchain network defining its rules and protocols Read this viral post on Prerequisites for learning Blockchain to find out if it is for you. 2.1k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 4 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Abhinav Singh, lives in NCR Answered Dec 11, 2019 In the past 18 months, blockchain has leaped onto the world stage and presented itself as the next-generation solution for many of the tech sector's most pressing problems. It's received influential endorsements from government leaders, industry titans and ambitious entrepreneurs in an unprecedented acknowledgment of the technology's prowess. All of this enthusiasm has created a surging demand for blockchain-related jobs. According to Up work, a global freelance exchange, blockchain-related skills were the most in-demand on its platform in the first quarter of 2018. Moreover, TechCrunch repo... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 In the past 18 months, blockchain has leaped onto the world stage and presented itself as the next-generation solution for many of the tech sector's most pressing problems. It's received influential endorsements from government leaders, industry titans and ambitious entrepreneurs in an unprecedented acknowledgment of the technology's prowess. All of this enthusiasm has created a surging demand for blockchain-related jobs. According to Up work, a global freelance exchange, blockchain-related skills were the most in-demand on its platform in the first quarter of 2018. Moreover, TechCrunch reports that \"Blockchain-related jobs are the second-fastest growing in today's labor market; there are now 14 job openings for every one blockchain developer.\" Of course, blockchain technology is a new job sector without a tried and true path to success. Kids haven't grown up hearing about the technology while fostering ambitions to work on this novel tech. Therefore, the road to a career in blockchain is as new and innovative as the technology itself. A blockchain education It's clear that those looking for a career in blockchain technology will be following a different script than tech entrepreneurs who came before them. With that in mind, what's the best way to strategically establish a career in blockchain technology? What the blockchain industry needs are people who are continually developing their skills, and staying up to date with the industry's advancement. There are steps blockchain enthusiasts can take to start developing their career without having to sign up to a traditional university program or attend an expensive seminar. 1. Build the basics. Blockchain is unlike any other technology available. Understanding its unique value proposition is a critical building block of a blockchain education. Features like decentralization, smart contracts and Dapps are more than just buzzwords. They are the essence of the blockchain, and any successful blockchain professional will intimately understand them. More technical skills also form the foundation of a blockchain developer. JavaScript for web development and Solidity, a popular programming language for constructing smart contracts, are a great place to start. Not only do these skills help with a blockchain education, but they equip learners to freelance as a web designer while they learn to develop the rest of their blockchain-related skills. In this case, a level of formal education can be helpful, but that doesn't mean aspiring blockchain developers need to enroll at a university. Instead, online education platforms like offer comprehensive courses. 2. Consider cyptography. Assets are increasingly moving online, underscoring the importance of cryptography. Blockchain is renowned for its ability to protect and secure these assets, and it relies on cryptography to make this possible. Failure to appropriately employ cryptography can have devastating consequences for companies that depend on it for security. High-level cryptography training is available online from reputable, affordable venues, like Coursera and Udacity. 3. Understand distributing computing theory and application. Distributed computing is no longer a theory. In an age where reliability and security are two of the most pressing issues facing tech proliferation, distributed computing is the blockchain's solution. However, this is far from a refined practice. There are still many areas in need of solutions. For example, issues of scalability and excessive energy consumption continue to plague its implementation. Students of blockchain technology need to study these issues so they can, later on, start to develop solutions to the problem. 4. Maintain community management. Blockchain and the cryptocurrencies that it powers are unique for their active communities that help encourage their growth and popularity. There are hundreds of new cryptocurrency projects, and they can function as an on-the-job training mechanism for blockchain students. Reach out to reputable, verifiable blockchain startups and offer your services with community outreach, which includes event organization, discussion leadership and other engagement-oriented activities. While this isn't a perceptible skill, it's an opportunity to engage and network with people in the field while also gaining personal insight into the industry and its community. It's a tangible way to begin participating in a blockchain-based career. 5. Forge your own path. The blockchain job market is thriving, and those looking to get involved can follow their own path to success. Rather than spending years at an academic institution to prepare for a blockchain career, these DIY strategies can streamline the process and make it more viable for just about anyone to attempt. The market is flourishing, and the opportunity is there for the taking. There are some online institutes that will help you to learn blockchain online and offline courses do visit and learn blockchain here easily. Ednerds- https://www.ednerds.com/ UpGrad- Online Courses & Education Programs for Professionals | upGrad Udacity- Learn the Latest Tech Skills; Advance Your Career | Udacity 233 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 14 Upvoters Adam Greene Answered Dec 12, 2018 \u201cFirst let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is\u201d: 4 main factors that highlight the blockchain: Transparency in transactions Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption The blockchain is decentralized technology. A global network of computer uses blockchain technology to jointly manage the database that records Bitcoin transactions. That is, bitcoin is managed by its network, and not anyone central authority. A blockchain is a database with user distributed validation. Bitcoin was designed to be just a cryptocurrency, so ... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 \u201cFirst let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is\u201d: 4 main factors that highlight the blockchain: Transparency in transactions Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption The blockchain is decentralized technology. A global network of computer uses blockchain technology to jointly manage the database that records Bitcoin transactions. That is, bitcoin is managed by its network, and not anyone central authority. A blockchain is a database with user distributed validation. Bitcoin was designed to be just a cryptocurrency, so it uses blockchain to record the bitcoin transaction. Meanwhile, there was designed to help developers create decentralized applications, and it uses blockchain to run an application programming code. The blockchain is a digital ledger that provides a secure way of making and recording a transaction, agreement, and contracts anything that needs to be recorded and verified as having taken place. Why a career in blockchain: Hiring across top companies Blockchain has multiple applications The rise of cryptocurrency The growing dominance of fintech companies and digital wallet India has taken huge towards digitization on account of transparency, integrity, and security, in the recent past. Most people are of opinion that the adoption of blockchain technology will complement this move quite well. Identifying revolutionary patterns in its formative stage is the sign of a genius. However, the judgment has to be based on a balanced view of things. Many of you may start dreaming of a glorifying career as a Blockchain Professional without thinking about your interest in the field or the future of Blockchain in India. Well if you have to start the career in blockchain technology in India then I would like to recommend the Codezeros Company. They will bring your idea into reality with your recommended features. And they have a vast experienced in developing a blockchain. Nowadays, the Codezeros is one of the leading organizations when it comes to developing the blockchain. So if you have to start the career in blockchain technology then without any hesitation, you should go with the Codezeros Company. Image Source: Google Services they provide: ICO Development Blockchain Development Smart Contracts DApps Development Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Development Blockchain Consulting Hedera Hashgraph Codezeros has been efficient, fast responding and security trained to provide efficient and timely services to their customers. Codezeros is a team of software engineers, technology enthusiasts, and creative designers. They are focused on delivering awesome software products to their clients. Why choose Codezeros? The team of Codezeros is always ready to discuss with you all the possibilities that can help you. They provide a one-stop solution to their clients. They provide technical support 24 * 7, they deliver an on-time project, they are reasonable in cost. Codezeros company give projects delivery on-time, it gives best quality service, it also gives full technical support. Have a Project in Mind? Feel free to contact at https://codezeros.com/contact-us/ or check their Portfolio https://bit.ly/2OXvkBQ 1.8k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 186 Upvoters Ronald Carter Answered May 19, 2020 First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantages are: Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Transparency in transactions Protection agai... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantages are: Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Transparency in transactions Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption Blockchain as the next career move! A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Knowledge of Java, C++, Ethereum Solidity, Python Understanding of financial services, payment processing, credit services Exposure to Big Data and Data Science Blockchain has multiple applications in the growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets. Identifying revolutionary patterns in its formative stage is the sign of a genius. However, the judgment has to be based on a balanced view of things. Many of you may start dreaming of a glorifying career as a Blockchain Professional without thinking about your interest in the field or the future of Blockchain in India. It is not advisable to follow a herd mentality and be blinded by higher salaries. You need to look at the big picture and gauge the stability of the career in Blockchain technology before taking a leap on impulse. So, research well and educate yourself more about the opportunities and challenges faced by this technology. This is the only way to assess its merit and take calculated risks. According to me, blockchaindevelopments.io Company is the best company in India to work with. It is capable of successfully implementing up-to-date & best technology into your business operations. The company streamlines your business functions offering the most scalable Blockchain development services to businesses across the globe. The company with its Blockchain Development Solutions improves data security, achieves high scalability, and maintains transparency in business processes. The company has successfully delivered blockchain development solutions on Blockchain networks like Ethereum, Hyperledger using cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethers, etc. Being a trusted Blockchain Developments Company in India, they can help you create a decentralized app over the blockchain network as a part of your business reality with their wide range of services that mainly cover: Have More Questions!! Email at:- sales@blockchaindevelopment.io Connect with an expert team:- https://bit.ly/2B32Az7 87 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 6 Upvoters Lakshay Taneja, operation executive Updated Jan 14, 2020 The past 1 year or more has witnessed the dawn of a new technological era with the emergence of the revolutionary Blockchain technology. The distributed ledger tech is facilitating solutions to the problems faced by many industries- from healthcare, real estate, supply chain, logistics, to education. We\u2019re currently witnessing the adoption of this tech across many such sectors. News has been abuzz with many such collaborations and partnerships leading to the launch of Blockchain-based pilot projects. Owing to its myriad use cases, Blockchain is continuously receiving endorsements from global... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 The past 1 year or more has witnessed the dawn of a new technological era with the emergence of the revolutionary Blockchain technology. The distributed ledger tech is facilitating solutions to the problems faced by many industries- from healthcare, real estate, supply chain, logistics, to education. We\u2019re currently witnessing the adoption of this tech across many such sectors. News has been abuzz with many such collaborations and partnerships leading to the launch of Blockchain-based pilot projects. Owing to its myriad use cases, Blockchain is continuously receiving endorsements from global leaders, veteran industry experts, and even rising entrepreneurs. In fact, Blockchain is heralded as the harbinger of the next big industrial revolution. If you are looking to make a successful living then a career in Blockchain technology just might be the right thing to pursue. Before thinking about starting a Blockchain technology career you may want to get into the basics of what Blockchain technology is. Well, the distributed ledger technology was initially developed as a way to account for the peer-to-peer digital currency, Bitcoin, by a person or a group of people who went by the name of Satoshi Nakamoto. Since its inception, the technology has made many leaps and today it has gone beyond just Bitcoin and is now starting to serve use cases beyond cryptocurrencies, as discussed above. The active deployment of Blockchain across industry sectors and the enthusiasm for a technology that has the potential to start another technological revolution has stirred up the demand for Blockchain-related jobs. As per a report by Upwork, the worldwide freelance website, Blockchain topped the list of the 20 Fastest-Growing Skills on Upwork for Q1 2018. TechCrunch, on the other hand, reported in an early 2018 article that Blockchain careers are in huge demand because Blockchain jobs were then the second-fastest growing in the labor market. Learn and prepare for Blockchain from the best experts in the field. 264 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 1 Upvoter \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers David Hart, Smart Contract Developer Answered Oct 16, 2018 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain Technology is something that has already caught everyone\u2019s attention across the globe and India is no exception. Does this piece of news ring an alarm for something big that is about to unfold in the future? Is Blockchain Technology really going to take over in a massive way? Well, only time can tell! First let\u2019s understand what Blockchain Technology is: The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. Services by ICO Development: DApps Development Supply chain Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Development ICO Development We Provide Blockchain Development Services? If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first i would like to suggest you should go with ICO Development because ICO development is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICO Development has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantage are: Lack of dependence on a centralized authority Transparency in transactions Protection against data tampering Hack proof data due to encryption Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what the Internet was in the 1990s. With a technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desired skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Hiring across top companies Top companies across the globe such as IBM, Microsoft, Intel, JP Morgan Chase are recruiting Blockchain developers in huge numbers. Closer home, Reliance Infocomm, Yes Bank, Bajaj Electricals and Mahindra Group have employed Blockchain in many of their operations. The distributed ledger system is believed to lower operational cost. Hence it is expected that these corporations will need a lot of professionals for the transition from old to new technology. A PwC report says, 56% of Indian businesses are inclined to make blockchain a part of their core business. Blockchain has multiple applications: Many think that Blockchain is only associated with Bitcoins, which is not true. The application of Blockchain technology is diverse and its utility can be seen in healthcare, supply chain, banking services, manufacturing, real estate, digitizing land records etc. This means gradually all walks of life will be pervaded by this technology and operations will be designed keeping these in mind. This implies that companies in most of the sectors in India will hire professionals who can work on Blockchain technology. The rise of Cryptocurrencies: Even though cryptocurrencies are yet to get clearance from the regulatory bodies in India, they seem to be on the rise. A number of Bitcoin exchanges and wallets have cropped up in India. Zebpay, Unocoin, Coinsecure, Coinmama, and BTCXIndia are few of them. As per statistics, there are thousands of customers who are on board the Bitcoin companies every day. If Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies are accepted by the Indian authorities, there will be a huge demand for Blockchain developers amongst start-ups and established players alike. Growing dominance of Fintech companies and digital wallets: Post demonetization in India, we have witnessed the proliferation of Fintech/ Digital payment firms. Gradually, credit settlement, insurance claim settlement, loan disbursal, micro-financing etc. will depend on various forms of technology and Blockchain is one of them. Studies have shown that Blockchain technology, with its Distributed ledger Technology (DLT), can facilitate quicker claim settlement, easier customer enrollment, fraud control etc. Image Source : Google Application of Blockchain in Financial Services Industry Initiatives were taken by India to embrace Blockchain Technology India has taken huge steps towards digitization on account of transparency, integrity, and security, in the recent past. Most people are of the opinion that the adoption of Blockchain Technology will complement this move quite well: As the number of professionals in the Blockchain sphere is limited, some higher educational institutions have launched courses for gaining expertise in this technology. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to constitute an expert committee to study the application of Blockchain technology in creating a decentralized and cashless Banking system. How do I Get Started in Blockchain Development? The blockchain is an infrastructural technology, which means it will underlie other software such as web and mobile applications. Fortunately, as the technology becomes increasingly popular, the tools and applications that facilitate its use are increasing in number. As open-source projects, the source code for popular blockchains is available for reuse and adaptation. Getting involved in the projects and different forks will require experience, where the developers share and discuss their code. Since most of these projects have been developed in C++, having solid knowledge of the language is almost fundamental. However, there are libraries available in easier programming languages and platforms. Here are a few resources to help you get started: If you're a web developer, this lengthy post from The Marmalade Blog will get you started in understanding the dynamics of the technology. Its no-less-lengthy follow-up gives a hands-on example in Solidity, a language that resembles Javascript. If you're a C# programmer, Blockchain Programming in C# is an in-depth and free book that will get you started on blockchain programming. DApps for Beginners is a blog that gets you started on Decentralized Apps on the ethereum blockchain. The platform requires Javascript knowledge, but knowing C++ will also help. Blockchain as a Service (BaaS) An alternative to quickly get started with blockchain technology is to sign up with one of the blockchain cloud providers. Some of the more popular services are IBM Blockchain and Microsoft Azure Blockchain. The benefit of using a cloud-based blockchain service is that it abstracts away the complexities of implementation. This can help you harness and master the technology and its uses without the need to acquire sophisticated skills. With less than eight years of age, blockchain is still in its infancy and has a ways to go. But what's for sure is that it's here to stay, and it will have a louder voice in the tech community and other industries in the years to come. Now's a good time to start on a blockchain career path. If you want to build robust Blockchain solutions or any other requirement for business then, contact us and find out how we can help ignite the spark. 3.8k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 489 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Lakshay Taneja, B.COM from University of Delhi (2014) Updated Mar 10, 2020 TO start a career in blockchain technology in india you only required TO click here to Learn and prepare for Blockchain . Blockchains are still in their growth stage, but with numerous real life projects on the horizon, the domain is set to boom. Their new training program is a great way for you to truly understand the fundamentals as well as gain hands on experience from industry experts. Out of the numerous companies out there, BirthVenue is one of the best blockchain training providers in the country. The good thing is that they are also an official IBM partner for Blockchain and hence ar... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 TO start a career in blockchain technology in india you only required TO click here to Learn and prepare for Blockchain . Blockchains are still in their growth stage, but with numerous real life projects on the horizon, the domain is set to boom. Their new training program is a great way for you to truly understand the fundamentals as well as gain hands on experience from industry experts. Out of the numerous companies out there, BirthVenue is one of the best blockchain training providers in the country. The good thing is that they are also an official IBM partner for Blockchain and hence are able to leverage the agility of a small company with the resources of a big one. We have seen them work across multiple verticals within the market and hence their team is equipped with intensive practical knowledge. By understanding the growing demand for practical application based blockchain programs, they have launched an extremely focused blockchain curriculum along with education partners in the form of universities and training institutes. For the main purpose of increasing the reach of the program, they have a full fledged engagement model as well as a virtual classroom model across India. Their program is actually a differentiator because the program is not only for developers but also project managers, support professionals, team leads, as well as business analysts. With that in mind, the training program is not only offered to universities to target students but also to corporates / training centres to target mid and late stage professionals who are looking to up-skill themselves. 490 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 2 Upvoters \u00c2\u00b7 View Sharers Rose Richardson Answered Feb 20, 2019 If you have to start the career in blockchain technology in India then I would like to suggest the ICODevelopment Company. They will bring your idea into reality with your recommended features. And they have a vast experienced in developing a blockchain. Nowadays, the ICODevelopment is one of the leading organizations when it comes to developing the blockchain. So if you have to start the career in blockchain technology then without any hesitation, you should go with the ICODevelopment Company. If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 If you have to start the career in blockchain technology in India then I would like to suggest the ICODevelopment Company. They will bring your idea into reality with your recommended features. And they have a vast experienced in developing a blockchain. Nowadays, the ICODevelopment is one of the leading organizations when it comes to developing the blockchain. So if you have to start the career in blockchain technology then without any hesitation, you should go with the ICODevelopment Company. If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first i would like to suggest you should go with ICODevelopment because ICO development is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICODevelopment has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. Services provided by ICODevelopment: ICO Development Blockchain Development Smart Contracts DApps Development Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Development Blockchain Consulting Hedera Hashgraph Why choose ICODevelopment? Being one of the Blockchain software development company, They provide solutions for Blockchain Services, Open source Blockchain, Blockchain Application Development, Mobile Wallets, and more to help you improve your businesses by combination best available technology,Extensive expertise,Highly-skilled development team. Have a Project in Mind? Feel free to contact at: http://www.icodevelopment.io/#co... or You can Email them at : sales@icodevelopment.io 1.1k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 170 Upvoters Harish Kedar, Freelance Blockchain developer Updated Jun 3, 2019 Rise and Rise of Blockchain Jobs According to google trends, there has been a steady rise in the number of interest people have shown towards the key words \u2018blockchain jobs\u2019 over the last 5 years. 2017 was the breakthrough year for blockchain technology. You could even say that 2017 was the year when blockchain technology truly arrived. The numbers don\u2019t lie and some of the numbers are truly shocking. Why Should You Opt for Blockchain Jobs? Better pay Location flexibility Employee liquidity (only for token companies) Top careers in blockchain Blockchain Developer Blockchain Quality engineer B... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Rise and Rise of Blockchain Jobs According to google trends, there has been a steady rise in the number of interest people have shown towards the key words \u2018blockchain jobs\u2019 over the last 5 years. 2017 was the breakthrough year for blockchain technology. You could even say that 2017 was the year when blockchain technology truly arrived. The numbers don\u2019t lie and some of the numbers are truly shocking. Why Should You Opt for Blockchain Jobs? Better pay Location flexibility Employee liquidity (only for token companies) Top careers in blockchain Blockchain Developer Blockchain Quality engineer Blockchain legal consultants Blockchain designer Blockchain Project Manager. With technology as promising as this, many people are aspiring to form a career in blockchain. Top companies across the globe like Microsoft, IBM, Intel, JP Morgan, etc are applying blockchain and recruiting blockchain developers in large numbers. In India, Reliance, Yes Bank, Bajaj Electricals are also actively employing blockchain technology in many of their operations. The distributed ledger system helps to reduce costs. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to form an expert committee to study the use of Blockchain technology which can help create a decentralized and cashless Banking system. Education in the blockchain is of central focus, To kickstart a career in blockchain, you can upgrade your skill set by taking an online professional course. One of the courses available is Upgrad. This course is designed for working professionals. Hence, this would require to start a career in blockchain. Although, there are a number of free courses available I felt that Upgrad even though it is a paid course has all the factors important to acquire all the skills to start your career in blockchain. You do not need to have a background of coding also while other courses have coding as a prerequisite to taking their course. 1.5k views \u00c2\u00b7 View 483 Upvoters Dennis Hoffman Answered Feb 10, 2019 If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first I would like to suggest you should go with ICODevelopment because ICO development is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICO Development has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. Identifying revolutionary patterns in its formative stage is the... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 If you want to start your courier as a blockchain developer or blockchain development company then first I would like to suggest you should go with ICODevelopment because ICO development is the most reputed blockchain development company in India. ICO Development has most talented and experienced blockchain developers and blockchain experts. Their developers provide 24*7 blockchain development services in worldwide and blockchain experts give most relevant and useful suggestion for your dream project and your valuable business. Identifying revolutionary patterns in its formative stage is the sign of a genius. However, the judgment has to be based on a balanced view of things. Many of you may start dreaming of a glorifying career as a Blockchain Professional without thinking about your interest in the field or the future of Blockchain in India.The blockchain is an \u2018open ledger\u2019 which records and manages transactions. Each record is called a \u2018block\u2019 and contains details of the transaction timestamp along with a link to the previous block. This protects the data from being manipulated retrospectively. Moreover, since each transaction is recorded over a distributed ledger in an encrypted manner, the technology is designed to be secure. ICODevelopment provide services: ICO Development Blockchain Development Smart Contracts DApps Development Wallet Development Cryptocurrency Hyperledger Hedera hashgraph Blockchain Consulting Why choose ICODevelopment? The team of ICODevelopment is always ready to discuss with you all the possibilities that can help you. They provide a one-stop solution to their clients. They provide technical support 24 * 7, they deliver an on-time project, they are reasonable in cost. ICODevelopment company give projects delivery on-time, it provides you payment gateway services it has experienced team of e-commerce development it has a project in mind let\u2019s buckle up, it gives best quality service, it also gives full technical support. Have a Project in Mind? Feel free to contact at: http://www.icodevelopment.io/#co... or You can Email them at : sales@icodevelopment.io 297 views BhaVana Sai, studied at BVRITH Answered Nov 5, 2018 Blockchain is an extremely dynamic technology, with new things coming up everyday. Many Big corporations like Google,Facebook,IBM,Airbnb,Microsoft and venture capitalists are betting billions of dollars on blockchain. Learn about DAPP Learn how peer to peer Learn the basics of Node.js Learn about public key cryptography. Build your own blockchain using JavaScript. Learn about what Cryptocurrency is and its history. Learn about Application Binary Interface. Understand the basics and the principles of Bitcoin Blockchain \u2026 by reading the whitepaper, watching some Youtube videos or finding people who d... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain is an extremely dynamic technology, with new things coming up everyday. Many Big corporations like Google,Facebook,IBM,Airbnb,Microsoft and venture capitalists are betting billions of dollars on blockchain. Learn about DAPP Learn how peer to peer Learn the basics of Node.js Learn about public key cryptography. Build your own blockchain using JavaScript. Learn about what Cryptocurrency is and its history. Learn about Application Binary Interface. Understand the basics and the principles of Bitcoin Blockchain \u2026 by reading the whitepaper, watching some Youtube videos or finding people who does this work and talk to them Understand Ethereum \u2026 reading the whitepaper, watching Vitalik Buterin\u2019s videos on Youtube etc. Understand different types of Blockchains and their specific use-cases: private, public, and consortium. Learn about smart contracts and then you can start coding by reading docs, articles etc. For more info check here. 721 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 2 Upvoters Mayank Sahu, B.Tech. from Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (2017) Answered Oct 7, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 360 answers and 57.9k answer views Blockchain\u2019s progressive technology has captured the imagination of companies, candidates and universities across the world as the technology of the future. In India too, there is a keen interest in blockchain\u2019s application as many companies and startups are using blockchain as the foundation of their products and services. This has led to high demand for blockchain professionals within India. In fact, a recent survey by Indeed reveals a remarkable rise in blockchain and cryptocurrency jobs in 2019. Aspirants who are attracted by blockchain\u2019s future potential and career prospects can follow ... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain\u2019s progressive technology has captured the imagination of companies, candidates and universities across the world as the technology of the future. In India too, there is a keen interest in blockchain\u2019s application as many companies and startups are using blockchain as the foundation of their products and services. This has led to high demand for blockchain professionals within India. In fact, a recent survey by Indeed reveals a remarkable rise in blockchain and cryptocurrency jobs in 2019. Aspirants who are attracted by blockchain\u2019s future potential and career prospects can follow the following steps to get a head-start with a blockchain career : Step 1: Check your eligibility : At the very minimum, you may need a bachelor\u2019s degree in engineering, Science or Math or equivalent. Programming or coding knowledge always helps but it is not mandatory if you are planning to certify in blockchain. Step 2: Review the top blockchain roles in the Indian market : As more Indian companies have started working with blockchain technology, there is a variety of roles that one can explore when looking at a career path. Blockchain Generalist - A generalist understands the fundamentals of blockchain and has overall expertise to enhance use cases and applications in a given ecosystem Blockchain Developer - Developers have a strong mix of skills in domains like computer networking, algorithms, data structures, cryptography and experience with at least one type of blockchain. Smart Contract Developer - Smart contract developers need to have a sound understanding of blockchain technology and crypto protocols along with Solidity, assembly etc. They need to understand the basics of mining, nodes, transaction logic and implementation. Blockchain Expert - Experts have niche expertise and understand the code behind a blockchain network. They can even code their own network, setting up its rules and protocols. Take a look at some of the jobs posted on various job boards and websites. Find out the key skills, talents, tools and languages listed. This will give you a fair idea of what is current and valued in the market. Step 3: Review potential certifications and courses : There are a plethora of courses offering blockchain certification in India. However, don\u2019t be quick to register without doing your homework. The curriculum should offer a sound understanding of blockchain fundamentals. This may include : Blockchain basics Decentralized and Distributed Ledger Consensus protocols Ethereum, Hyperledger Smart contracts Composer Core Backend development Basics of mining Cryptography Distributed computing Mechanism Design In addition, it is good to have some background or knowhow of the essentials such as : Coding skills in Java, HTML, CSS Understanding of programming and logic Knowledge of server technologies Whether you are a working professional or a novice in the blockchain space, a blockchain certification course is necessary to gain industry-specific knowledge and tools. A professional blockchain course will help you understand the fundamentals of Bitcoins, cryptocurrencies, other applications of blockchain, the programming languages and tools used across the domain. Above all, it will prepare you for the real-world challenges of blockchain implementation and application in a highly dynamic job market. 236 views Shalvi Puja, b.tech Information Technology Answered Apr 23, 2018 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 122 answers and 149.3k answer views The cryptocurrency bitcoin has been in the headlines this year as its value skyrocketed to nearly $14,000, before swiftly coming back to earth. Whatever the current state of bitcoin is, interest in the underlying blockchain technology continues to grow outside of the crypto world.Blockchain refers to a list of records or 'blocks' that are linked to one another and secured by cryptography. The list can be shared across many parties to create a distributed ledger, with no single point of failure. One major use for blockchain is to authenticate cryptocurrency payments, but the common consensus ... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 The cryptocurrency bitcoin has been in the headlines this year as its value skyrocketed to nearly $14,000, before swiftly coming back to earth. Whatever the current state of bitcoin is, interest in the underlying blockchain technology continues to grow outside of the crypto world.Blockchain refers to a list of records or 'blocks' that are linked to one another and secured by cryptography. The list can be shared across many parties to create a distributed ledger, with no single point of failure. One major use for blockchain is to authenticate cryptocurrency payments, but the common consensus is that blockchain systems can be adapted in a much wider range of processes. And as businesses and even public sector bodies realise the potential of blockchain-based systems, demand for expertise to create pilot projects and launch products has grown swiftly. What skills do blockchain developers need? There a variety of blockchain related roles that businesses are hiring for. For some, this means taking on leading experts with experience of creating and running distributed ledger systems in production. But often a large corporate will build a team around a core of blockchain experts. In this case, all that is needed, in addition to strong software development or engineering skills, is a solid understanding of the principles around blockchain systems. Of course, blockchain is just one piece of a typical technology stack. Engineers that specialise in networking or security, for instance, play a vital part alongside those with core software development skills. An awareness of modern technology tools such as Docker containers and microservice architectures is a plus too. 4 main factors that highlight the Blockchain advantage are: Lack of dependence on a centralised authority Transparency in transactions Protection against data tampering Hackproof data due to encryption Some have even gone to the extent of saying that Blockchain today is what Internet was in the 1990s. With a technology as promising as this, many aspirants have set their eyes upon Blockchain as the next career move. A Blockchain developer is sought after by many companies. With coding skills at the core, the desirable skill set of a Blockchain expert is: Knowledge of Java, C++, Ethereum\u2019s Solidity, Python Understanding of financial services, payment processing, credit services Exposure to Big Data and Data Science you acn visit Acadguild website for further assitance for block chain: https://goo.gl/J5tYJb 1.8k views Ashritha Gowda Answered Sep 21, 2019 As part of our existing corporate and prior student training programs, we have worked with multiple start-ups and ventures in this domain. Out of the numerous companies out there, BirthVenue is one of the best blockchain training providers in the country. The good thing is that they are also an official IBM partner for Blockchain and hence are able to leverage the agility of a small company with the resources of a big one. We have seen them work across multiple verticals within the market and hence their team is equipped with intensive practical knowledge. By understanding the growing demand ... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 As part of our existing corporate and prior student training programs, we have worked with multiple start-ups and ventures in this domain. Out of the numerous companies out there, BirthVenue is one of the best blockchain training providers in the country. The good thing is that they are also an official IBM partner for Blockchain and hence are able to leverage the agility of a small company with the resources of a big one. We have seen them work across multiple verticals within the market and hence their team is equipped with intensive practical knowledge. By understanding the growing demand for practical application based blockchain programs, they have launched an extremely focused blockchain curriculum along with education partners in the form of universities and training institutes.Learn and prepare for Blockchain. 90 views Aryya, Tech enthusiast Answered May 31, 2019 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 94 answers and 57.1k answer views Blockchain technology is powering our future. There\u2019s a lot of hype about this technology, mostly because it\u2019s underlying the insanely in-demand cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, open software platforms like Ethereum, and disruptive companies like Ripple, it\u2019s becoming too important to ignore. I\u2019d suggest you to to at least once go through Satoshi Nakamoto\u2019s white paper called \u201cBitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System\u201d here: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf You see, Blockchain is an amalgamation of potential concepts. Mastering Blockchain means mastering the underlying concepts: The conventional c... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain technology is powering our future. There\u2019s a lot of hype about this technology, mostly because it\u2019s underlying the insanely in-demand cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, open software platforms like Ethereum, and disruptive companies like Ripple, it\u2019s becoming too important to ignore. I\u2019d suggest you to to at least once go through Satoshi Nakamoto\u2019s white paper called \u201cBitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System\u201d here: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf You see, Blockchain is an amalgamation of potential concepts. Mastering Blockchain means mastering the underlying concepts: The conventional concepts I\u2019m talking about are: The Cryptography Distributed Network The Consensus protocols Now, to master these concepts separately is a tedious task. Also, to know how these concepts are integrated and the intricacies behind them is no easy thing but with systematic learning path and enthusiasm, it\u2019s gonna be interesting\u2026 You can start off by watching this informative video by Andreas M. Antonopoulos Edureka provide Online Live Instructor-Lead Training in Blockchain. These are live virtual classroom sessions with a top experienced industry professional. They also have a 24 x 7 customer support to help you with all the queries/ problems you face during your learning. Here are the unique benefits the participants will get at Edureka : Key focus on Hands-on, practicals and Project. Flexibility to re-attend the Live Session Multiple Time\u200b\u200bs. Lifetime access to the Support Team. Certification at the end of the Course. As soon as you enroll in the course you shall have instant access to the course content including one set of previous batch class recordings along with 24/7 on demand 1:1 live support. Edureka\u2019s \u201cBlockchain Certification Training\u201d will help you master the blockchains. Visit the following link Blockchain Course | Blockchain Training | Blockchain Certification | Edureka It\u2019s a bright sky full of opportunities out there. So join the revolution and learn this emerging technology. 219 views \u00c2\u00b7 Answer requested by Abhishek Gupta Mahesh Babu Channa, Data Science Lead Manager at SocialPrachar.com (2014-present) Answered Nov 15, 2018 \u00c2\u00b7 Author has 129 answers and 285.4k answer views Blockchain is one of leading skill one should understand as it will pay you huge packages and makes you sustain in IT for long term. Blockchain is a distributed database that enables permanent, transparent, and secure storage of data. The blockchain technology is the backbone of cryptocurrency \u2013 in fact, it\u2019s the shared public ledger upon which the entire Bitcoin network relies \u2013 and it\u2019s gaining popularity with people who work in finance, government, and the arts. It uses cryptography to keep data secure. Learn Blockchain course in real time with guidance of experienced faculty in Hyderabad... Continue Reading Loading\u2026 Blockchain is one of leading skill one should understand as it will pay you huge packages and makes you sustain in IT for long term. Blockchain is a distributed database that enables permanent, transparent, and secure storage of data. The blockchain technology is the backbone of cryptocurrency \u2013 in fact, it\u2019s the shared public ledger upon which the entire Bitcoin network relies \u2013 and it\u2019s gaining popularity with people who work in finance, government, and the arts. It uses cryptography to keep data secure. Learn Blockchain course in real time with guidance of experienced faculty in Hyderabad. \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Practical Sessions \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Mock Interviews \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Experienced Trainers \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Advanced Curriculum \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Mentorship \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Dedicated Portal \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Certifications \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Interview Guidance \u00e2\u009c\u0093 Weekly Assignments 624 views \u00c2\u00b7 View 1 Upvoter View more Related Questions What will be the future of people who learnt block chain technology in India as cryptocurrencies are banned? How can I best become educated in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology? Is blockchain technology the future of India? What is the best way to make a long-term investment in blockchain technology (emphasise blockchain technology and not cryptocurrencies)? Where can I learn Blockchain technology? What are the career scopes in blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency domain? How can I invest in blockchain technology in India? Is it a good choice to follow blockchain technology as a fresh graduate? How do I build my career in blockchain as a non-technical person? What does the future hold for blockchain technology within the next 10 years? What are the salaries for blockchain technology? Are there any certifications for block chain technology which is recognized worldwide? I am looking for a career in block chain technology. How can you explain blockchain technology to a non technical person? Are there Blockchain jobs? How does blockchain certification boost your career? Related Questions What will be the future of people who learnt block chain technology in India as cryptocurrencies are banned? How can I best become educated in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology? What's the future of Blockchain in India? How can I invest in blockchain technology? Does blockchain technology really have a strong outlook in the future? What is the salary for a blockchain developer in India? About \u00c2\u00b7 Careers \u00c2\u00b7 Privacy \u00c2\u00b7 Terms \u00c2\u00b7 Contact", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "quora", 
    "Hash": "A57A8CC1B7B8C4E02B7C468F86685935", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.quora.com/Are-there-Blockchain-jobs", 
        "https://www.quora.com/Are-there-any-certifications-for-block-chain-technology-which-is-recognized-worldwide-I-am-looking-for-a-career-in-block-chain-technology", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-build-my-career-in-blockchain-as-a-non-technical-person", 
        "https://www.quora.com/How-does-blockchain-certification-boost-your-career", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-career-scopes-in-blockchain-technology-and-the-cryptocurrency-domain", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Abhinav-Singh-2714", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Abhishek-Singh-7607", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Adam-Greene-72", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Andrea-Johnston-42", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Aryya", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Ashritha-Gowda-10", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/BhaVana-Sai-4", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Cheryl-Howard-79", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/David-Hart-243", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Dennis-Hoffman-29", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Harish-Kedar-5", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Lakshay-Taneja-14", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Lakshay-Taneja-30", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Mahesh-Babu-Channa", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Mayank-Sahu-32", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Melissa-Fernandez-108", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Nathan-Arnold-63", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Prateek-Singhania-2", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Ronald-Carter-45", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Rose-Richardson-27", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Samrat-Roy-Chowdhuri", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Shalvi-Puja", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Stephanie-Ramos-186", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India/answer/Tyler-Cook-159", 
        "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India?page_id=2", 
        "https://www.quora.com/careers", 
        "https://www.quora.com/opensearch/description.xml", 
        "https://www.quora.com/topic/Jobs-and-Careers-in-India"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.quora.com%2FWhat-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjXn5WVhZ7qAhVDJjQIHXTiBTcQFjANegQIBRAB&usg=AOvVaw3J-bsoXQo4lA3NTH2jEig4", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- quora", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "What is required to start a career in blockchain technology in India? - Quora", 
    "Url": "https://www.quora.com/What-is-required-to-start-a-career-in-blockchain-technology-in-India"
}
