{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://dxchain.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://dxchain.com/careers?lang=en"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/dxchain-blockchain-software-engineer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "testnet",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "DxChain - HOME",
    "Hash": "A5BA5A2A3314EF46DEAD5FC763E780EF",
    "Url": "https://dxchain.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "dxchain",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Open sourceNew BlogNew Testnet Team Roadmap FAQ Careers Whitepaper English 中文 Language English 中文 Русский Tiếng Việt BIG DATA MEETS BLOCKCHAIN World's first decentralized big data and machine learning network powered by a computing-centric blockchain Open Source Testnet Video Join Community DxChain Global New   DxChain Global Full   中文电报群   DxChain Russia   PROVIDE SOLUTIONS TO BIG DATA PROBLEMS Maximize individual dataset to its capacity Empower data subjects to control their own data Protect personal data with flexibility Support BI and machine learning Dapp × > INNOVATIONS CHAINS-ON-CHAIN ARCHITECTURE The revolutionary Chains-on-chain architecture is designed to solve the data computation, storage, and privacy issues. 1. VERIFICATION GAME Verification game provides a framework which securely perform any computational task and vastly reduces the number of redundant network node computations. 3. PoSt & PDP The Proof of Spacetime(PoSt) is used as the consensus protocol of storage. It provides the foundation for the decentralized storage network. 2. PDC (Provable Data Computation) PDC is a statistical framework to verify the correctness of computation results with few copies of redundant computing. 4. PRIVACY PRESERVING DxChain does not only provide the data storage function, but it also gives the flexibility of retrieving files at a more granular scale. 1. VERIFICATION GAME Verification game provides a framework which securely perform any computational task and vastly reduces the number of redundant network node computations. 2. CROSS CHAIN COMMUNICATIONS 3. PoSt & PDP The Proof of Spacetime(PoSt) is used as the consensus protocol of storage. It provides the foundation for the decentralized storage network. 4. PDC (Provable Data Computation) PDC is a statistical framework to verify the correctness of computation results with few copies of redundant computing. 5. Map Reduce 6. DATA MODEL ENABLES PRIVACY PRESERVING DxChain does not only provide the data storage function, but it also gives the flexibility of retrieving files at a more granular scale. Team Allan Zhang Co-founder Expert in blockchain and network security. Founder of Trustlook and a serial entrepreneur. James Li Co-founder Experienced in blockchain system design and architecture. Tripwire principal security architect. 10+ years experience of network security. Tony Wu Investor Relationship Managing Partner of Sparkland Capital. 10+ years experience of Investment Bank Global Markets Sales&Trading. Xiaofei Liu Blockchain Engineer Master\u2019s degree from Zhejiang University. Former senior software engineer at Alibaba. Has a wealth of experience in concurrent system and consensus mechanism in the blockchain. Taosheng Shi Blockchain Engineer Former principal system architect and innovation manager at NOKIA, with 10+ years experience of distributed system research and development. Li Lu Blockchain Researcher Ph.D in distributed systems at University of Rochester. 10+ years experience in distributed systems and big data. Hadoop PMC(Project Management Committee) member. Jacky Wang Blockchain Engineer Bachelor\u2019s degree from Fudan University and Master\u2019s degree from University of Arizona. Dedicated in next generation blockchain infrastructure and distributed storage system. Eric Wang Full Stack Engineer Former Software Engineer at Google. Experienced with full stack web app development and AI domain knowledge. Manxiang Zhang Blockchain Back End Developer Graduated from San Jose State University, has a keen interest in blockchain technology, served as an instructor for related courses several times. Assist the DxChain team in the development of distributed storage systems. Xiang Zhang Blockchain Engineer Master\u2019s degree from East China Jiaotong University, previously worked at Meitu Blockchain. Focused on the fundamental blockchain technology. Work on DxChain\u2019s consensus algorithm and data storage module optimization. Xu Huang Blockchain Developer Experienced in research and development of multiple blockchain projects. will in charge of the Smart Contract and File Contract module, promote DxChain\u2019s technical realization and landing in the business field. Canshi Wei Software Developer Intern Junior year student from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, completed two blockchain projects independently. Bring DxChain more innovative thinking and energy. Investors Roadmap Previous Next Stay tuned Catch up with the latest DxChain news Subscribe support@dxchain.com DxChain GLOBAL COMMUNITIES Telegram DxChain Global New   DxChain Global Full   中文电报群   DxChain Russia   Twitter Github YouTube WeChat Medium Medium中文 Kakao Talk © Copyright 2018-2019 DxChain",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- dxchain"
}