{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/trusttoken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/trusttoken/576df12f-53c1-493e-ae44-2b916044169d/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/trusttoken-back-end-engineer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "TrustToken - Sr. Back-End Engineer",
    "Hash": "AC2CA12887DEC3E0CE4FA0996D5A42EC",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/trusttoken/576df12f-53c1-493e-ae44-2b916044169d?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Sr. Back-End Engineer Remote|Global / Engineering / Contractor Apply for this job About TrustToken We are at the forefront of a revolution in financial technology. Over the last three years, stable digital currencies have grown from being a $10mm market to a $5.6B market (560x growth). Meanwhile fintech is booming across the world as people grow dissatisfied with traditional banks and look for alternatives. We believe that new technology will allow us to make financial freedom as accessible as the internet and we are driven each day towards this vision.   Our team is global with employees based in San Francisco, Ireland and remote, made up of talented people from Google, Facebook, and Coinbase. Investors at a16z crypto, Founders Fund Angel, Stanford StartX, and other top VC firms believe in us and have provided over $30mm of funding for us to achieve our vision.   We started by creating a way to move money more freely than ever before with our stablecoins: TrueUSD, TrueAUD, TrueCAD, TrueGBP, and TrueHKD. Our TrueCurrencies now connect 76 countries across 6 continents and power billions of dollars of transactions.   Our team is on a mission to empower people by opening access to financial opportunities. We\u2019re bringing online a global, open-access financial network that will touch a billion lives across every corner of the planet. It\u2019s going to be a long journey, and we\u2019re just at the beginning. About the role This is an opportunity to build technology that will shape the future of finance. You\u2019ll be working on code that plays a crucial role in the open-access financial infrastructure that we\u2019re building. And on a small, fast-moving team, your impact on the product will be huge. On our team, you'll be working on the back-end for several products including TrueUSD (one of the largest stablecoins in the world), TrustToken Assurance, and other products we haven't publicly announced yet. We have a remote friendly culture and are looking for strong talent on our global engineering team. What you'll be doing Develop, release and operate our backend services  Build out product features, define our technical architecture, and brainstorm ways to continually make our application more performant, reliable and scalable Write high quality code that is efficient, maintainable and well-tested Work inside a clean microservices-based architecture and a modern tech stack Collaborate with our front-end web and mobile engineers, developing the APIs to power great products Collaborate with the rest of the eng team to continually refine and evolve our coding standards and tech stack Work closely with Product to iterate our app in response to customer feedback and business requirements What we\u2019re looking for from you Professional experience with backend development, including database design and API development. Preferred experience with modern backend technologies such as Python, Ruby, NodeJS, Go, etc You're comfortable working in a fast-changing start-up environment  Bonus points for interest in cryptocurrencies, blockchains, and/or consumer finance Live the TrustToken values: seek truth, embody renaissance ambition, make good things easy, and get shit done About our tech stack Completely microservices-based architecture  Internal microservices built with Python 3, gRPC, Celery GraphQL API servers built with NodeJS + Koa + Typescript Postgres databases Redis for caching and message queues AWS-based infrastructure using ECS, Docker, Terraform  Continuous integration and deployment strategy Does this sound like you? We\u2019d love to hear from you if so. Equal opportunity We\u2019re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply today and let us know what makes you unique. Learn more about TrustToken Follow us on LinkedIn Check out our blog Visit www.trusttoken.com Apply for this job TrustToken Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever"
}