{
    "Body": "Developers Live Transactions Blog Login Schedule a call Schedule a call Ost is the Ethereum Application Layer Ost technology enables developers to seamlessly embed Ethereum wallets into mainstream applications to benefit from zero-fee micro-transactions. Learn how apps like Pepo use Ost to deliver a blazing fast and gorgeous user experience. Start Building Now Login Watch - How To Design Crypto User Experiences For Humans Available Now Launch your own layer-2 Ethereum-based in-app currency in minutes and embed it into your app. Ost tech is live and ready to use today. Developers First Easily integrate into existing apps with unified APIs and SDKs. No blockchain experience required. Regulatory Compliant Apps built with Ost are designed for compliance. Pepo by Ost is the 1st blockchain-powered app approved by Apple and Google for in-app purchase and cash out options. No additional licenses needed. Apps Built with the Ost Wallet SDK \u2014Live on Ethereum\u2014 Meet the people shaping the crypto movement Meet the people shaping the crypto movement Pepo demonstrates crypto UX can be gorgeous. Ost technology makes Pepo so fast and easy to use you\u2019ll re-imagine what\u2019s possible for crypto apps. Pepo is the first blockchain-powered app approved by Apple and Google with in-app purchase and cash-out options. Download Pepo today and see for yourself! \" Pepo shows that blockchain is ready for primetime. \" - Decrypt.co Unique Features of Ost Technology Free sandbox environment Start building in our Sandbox/Testnet environment and move to Production/Mainnet when ready to launch to end users Self-custodial Users own their private keys and have full control over their funds. If they lose a device, users can recover their wallet with just a 6-digit PIN. Learn how this works. Scalable, low-cost transactions Run hundreds of transactions per second at near-zero cost on layer-2 Ethereum blockchains. All transactions finalized to Ethereum layer-1. Seamless user experience There's no need for external wallets and confusing pop-ups. Ost Wallet makes it simple to onboard new and existing users and to integrate tokens into your existing application. More Use Cases Made Possible with Ost Technology More Use Cases Made Possible with Ost Technology View more Developers First Seamlessly integrate our server-side and mobile wallet SDKs into your application. Our Wallet SDKs include user interface components and views to make integration fast and easy. developer resources Server SDKs Server-side SDKs (in Java, Node.js, PHP, and Ruby) that allow you to retrieve token details, register users, and distribute tokens to your users. SERVER-SIDE SDKs Wallet SDKs Wallet SDKs (in Android, iOS, and React Native) that enable your end-users to hold tokens in non-custodial wallets and to send and receive tokens. Your users can also authorise multiple devices, purchase tokens in-app and cash-out. WALLET SDKs OST News & Events 14 Feb 2020 ETHDenver Join us in Denver, Feb 14 - 16, 2020! 28 Feb 2020 ETHLondon 2020 Join us in London - 28 Feb to 1 Mar 2020 03 Mar 2020 ETHCC 2020 Join us in Paris - 3 to 5 Mar 2020. Pepo \u2014 the Official Community App for ETHLondonUK, ETHGlobal 2020, and beyond 25 Feb 2020 How are People Using Pepo? Hint: Communities 25 Feb 2020 Ost Technology Update: It\u2019s Now Even Easier To Build on Ethereum With Ost Layer-2 11 Feb 2020 Simona Pop Joins Ost and Pepo as Chief Engagement Officer 03 Feb 2020 6 Creative Ways People Are Using Pepo That We Never Expected 22 Jan 2020 Go to our News and Events page to learn more. Go to page See all news and events Ready to Start Building? Schedule a call to understand how the Ost Wallet SDK can be integrated into your application. Schedule A Call ???????????? This website uses cookies. By using this site, you agree to this use. For more information, visit our ", 
    "CompanyName": "Pepo", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "ost", 
    "Hash": "AF48C8887C71E4119C939C4345650D21", 
    "KeyTerms": "wallet, android, layer-2, react, nodejs, mainnet, ruby, ethereum, java, compliance, sdk, testnet, private keys", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Denver, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://openst.org/", 
        "https://ost.com/careers"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/ost-marketing-director/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "ethereum", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- ost", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "OST Platform | The Future of Brand Loyalty", 
    "Url": "https://ost.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
