{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold/f87ee8ac-1cbe-4ce4-be15-b98a90831fee/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/stronghold-customer-onboarding-specialist/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Stronghold - Customer Onboarding Specialist",
    "Hash": "AF586D534E5071AE4EF35644854220D4",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/stronghold/f87ee8ac-1cbe-4ce4-be15-b98a90831fee?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Customer Onboarding Specialist Remote / Legal & Compliance / Full Time Apply for this job Stronghold, an early-stage fintech company that creates virtual payments networks, needs a founding team member to own our Know-Your-Customer (KYC) compliance and serve in adjacent functions.  The ideal candidate would be intrigued by solving regulatory problems and bridging the financial infrastructures of the past with those of the future to deliver a superior experience for our customers.  Regulatory compliance is a key attribute of Stronghold\u2019s technology, and the person in this role would be central to our mission. We need a candidate who is not only competent in doing regulation right, but also passionate about how we can better integrate technology and compliance. We need someone creative and ambitious, who will take on comprehensive, collaborative responsibility for the success of the company.  This is a client-facing role as you will be responsible for driving the onboarding process and ensuring that our customers are educated on who we are and what we do at the same time as getting the KYC process finalized.   Stronghold has been going deep to build the underlying rails for modern payments. We are currently in a phase of hyper-growth, engaged with a wide range of clients that need customized, interoperable payment systems. These range from established, blue-chip industry participants, to underserved, underbanked sectors such as cannabis. We are looking for a candidate that can evolve with the company as we scale and add new products. At this stage we are all wearing several hats, and adapting to rapid changes within our company and throughout the marketplace (i.e. the new importance of contactless payments in minimizing COVID-19 transmission). Additional responsibilities include: Own and manage the KYC/AML process and its effect on the client experience Ensure KYC/AML deliverables are met and hold internal partners accountable Escalate appropriate risk items and drive issues to closure Interact with clients and build lasting customer relationships Participate in Business Development process including weekly meetings, partnership updates, and client diligence calls Required Skills Experience with the KYC/AML due diligence process including appropriate identification and escalation of risks Ability to effectively manage and prioritize multiple deadline-driven projects Strong interpersonal and overall communication skills (written and verbal) Experience communicating with and advising clients as well as internal partners. Solid business acumen and sound analytical thinking in support of sales and risk-related activities Self-starter who takes charge in absence of detailed instruction Effectively initiates solutionsCollaboration and teaming skills Strong proficiency with Google Apps (Google Drive, Gmail, Google Slides, Google Sheets) We are open to non-traditional candidates, and the qualities we prioritize are: an instinct for creative problem solving high aptitude for and interest in financial regulation a constructive and respectful mindset curiosity about financial technology\u2019s potential for societal change clarity, transparency, and forthrightness a passion for customer success  Please reach out to us if our company and this role might be a good fit for you.  Apply for this job Stronghold Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever"
}