{
    "Body": "Home What we do Buy Crypto with Credit Card Turnkey Solution Partners About Careers News Support My Payment Status Home What we do Buy Crypto with Credit Card Turnkey Solution Partners About Careers News Support My Payment Status Enabling Payments. Defeating Fraud. PARTNER WITH US Who We Are Simplex is an EU licensed fintech company????????????that provides worldwide fraud-free????????????payment processing. With a proven track record in high fraud markets, Simplex\u2019s technology enables????????????merchants, marketplaces and crypto platforms to process online payments with complete fraud protection and chargeback coverage.???????????? EU License Fraud Prevention Never worry about fraud again, let fraud be handled by fraud mitigation experts Maximize Conversion We reduce fraud while increasing conversion of otherwise declined transactions Chargeback liability Enjoy zero fraud????????????chargeback risk????????????exposure Global Reach Use Simplex to process transactions wherever your clients are. We have the globe covered GET TO KNOW US What We Do Simplex\u2019s AI algorithm analyzes risk pertaining to every payment and every user, leveraging hundreds of data points. Our in-flow verification mechanisms block fraudulent users, increase conversions and allow more merchants to accept online payments. LEARN MORE Partners \u201cWe want to provide Binance users with fast and easy access to crypto, in the most secure way possible. Partnering with Simplex allows us to instantly bridge the gap between credit card payments and crypto for traders globally. On Binance.com, you can now buy crypto with credit cards and start trading in minutes.\u201d Changpeng \u201cCZ\u201d Zhao, CEO of Binance \u201cPartnering with Simplex has given us the ability to increase our user base and open up BitMart to a wider audience. This feature is one of the most requested ones and we are proud to have a secure solution that lets us accept credit and debit cards.\u201d Sheldon Xia, CEO of BitMart Exchange \u201cFrom Simplex\u2019s inception, KuCoin has been committed to offering secure, stable and easy-to-use trading services to all our investors. We know that a number of newcomers in the crypto world have been hindered by the incoherent transaction from fiat to digital assets. Through this partnership, the two organizations will work together to provide a seamless experience and, more significantly, bring cryptocurrency to the masses.\u201d Michael Gan, CEO of KuCoin \u201cSimplex has everything you need to make a fast and smooth integration. The API is straightforward, the documents are clear and up to date, and Sandbox was perfect for testing. During the process, the team provided great support whenever it was needed. With Simplex, we were able to expand our customer database. By allowing our clients to top up their accounts via credit card, it opened up the ability for Xapo to cover almost the whole world. The Simplex team is very professional and delivers the product on time.\u201d Carlos Maslat????????????n, Head of Xapo Treasury \u201cWe are happy to work with Simplex to create an interconnected payment system for crypto traders. Credit card is the easiest and safest way for the mainstream users to adopt crypto. We are dedicated to introduce more fiat gateway channels to serve our clients better.\u201d Javier Sim, Co-Founder and Managing Director of Bithumb Global \u201cWe are super excited and grateful to be working with Simplex. Being able to buy bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with a debit or credit card is a true game changer with respect to adoption.\u201d Daniel Polotsky, Co-founder and CEO of CoinFlip \u201cNot only was the integration process with Simplex swift and seamless, the simple interface, superb customer service, and convenience has greatly contributed to our business!???????????? Partnering with Simplex has provided us the exact fiat to crypto on-ramp we were looking for.???????????? Not to mention, the many purchase options that are available!\u201d Tokuro Uhara, CEO of CROSS exchange \u201cThanks to Simplex, our users can buy crypto fast and safe in Atomic Wallet! We strongly support mass adoption, and it\u2019s way easier to imagine when the payment processor can provide an accessible, completely risk-free solution for fiat-crypto transfer.\u201d Konstantin Gladych, Founder and CEO, Atomic Wallet \u201cSimplex offers fraud-prevention and payment processing all-in-one! Integrating with Simplex\u2019s fast and risk-free service has allowed us to significantly increase our traffic and focus on our business. With the help of Simplex, our users can enjoy a convenient and immediate way to purchase their cryptocurrencies.\u201d Aaron Choi, VP of International Business \u201cChangelly team couldn\u2019t be more excited to have Simplex onboard as our credit card processor partner. Thanks to Simplex, we monthly provide fiat-to-crypto payments for over 700K our customers around the world. Due to Simplex\u2019s great service, our payment process is risk-free, and our users are more than happy!\u201d Ilya Bere, CEO, Changelly \u201cTrezor Hardware Wallet, thanks to a partnership with Simplex, can provide a reliable, easy, and safe \u2018buy and sell\u2019 feature right from the interface. It allows many of our users to use cryptocurrency in an easier and safer manner, which is our joint strategy.\u201d Marek (Slush) Palatinus, CEO of SatoshiLabs \u201cWhen we started Invity, we knew that we could only succeed in our mission to demystify the crypto space and streamline the buying process by finding a versatile, trustworthy payment processing partner. Simplex is that partner: by accepting a long list of the world\u2019s fiat currencies in a fraud-free environment, they\u2019ve made it safer and easier to open up the world of crypto to new and established users alike.\u201d ????????????t????????????p????????????n Uher????????????k, CEO of Invity.io \u201cWe\u2019ve been looking for a solution that would satisfy the needs of both us and our customers when it comes to an FTC gateway for a long time. Simplex is that solution. We are very excited to give our customers a convenient, fast, and easy way to buy crypto on ChangeNOW \u2013 hope we manage to maintain this partnership for years to come.\u201d Pauline Shangett, CCO ???????????? \u201cOur partnership with Simplex has been nothing but pleasure from day 1. Besides helping our company expand on a variety of products that we offer by providing customers with fiat-to-crypto onramp with credit cards, Simplex has also grown on us through steady and healthy communication over the years. A team of professionals we are happy to work with every day.\u201d Jonas Gilys, Co-Founder and CFO of CoinGate \u201cSimplex enabled Mycelium to offer one of the most requested features to our users: credit card purchases of crypto. The service is fast and reliable, and covers our users from all over the world!\u201d Jerome Rousselot, CRO \u201cBiKi users around the world can now enjoy easy and efficient access to Crypto with a seamless experience. Our partnership with Simplex has given BiKi an extended feature to reach the masses and for users to participate in the crypto space easily.\u201d Ethan Ng,????????????CEO of BiKi Southeast Asia \u201cThe integration with Simplex was seamless! With Simplex\u2019s payment processing and fraud prevention, we can now offer our users a convenient and risk-free way to purchase cryptocurrencies using their credit cards. Teaming up with Simplex has allowed us to expand our customer base and to offer our services to users worldwide!\u201d Innokenty Isers, CEO \u201cSimplex provides our users with a secure and efficient way of purchasing crypto. It ensures that customers have the best experience while providing the fastest way to acquire their favorite????????????crypto. Partnering with Simplex has helped us increase our offering to our users.\u201d Sharan Nair \u2013 Chief Business Officer, CoinSwitch ???????????? \u201cGuarda Wallet and Simplex are bridging the gap between cryptocurrency and fiat \u2013 the most important threshold that needs to be crossed for spreading adoption. Thanks to our partnership, all Guarda users can buy and sell crypto right within their wallets. Risk-free, simple and fast.\u201d Paul Sokolov, CEO Guarda Wallet \u201cWe are thrilled to be partnering with Simplex to lower the threshold for more people to enter the crypto world. This is also a milestone for CoinEx, as it\u2019s the first fiat onramp we integrated to our platform. We endeavor to provide our current and potential users with more convenient functions.\u201d Haipo Yang, Founder and CEO of CoinEx \u201cAfter searching tirelessly for the best payment options to buy cryptocurrency, MyBTC.ca is thankful to finally be partnered with a company like Simplex.???????????? Its solution extends MyBTC.ca the ability to process an unlimited number of transactions with peace of mind that we are protected from fraud and chargebacks.\u201d Duane Seamans, CEO of MyBTC.ca \u201cThanks to the strategic partnership with Simplex, our users can now purchase Bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies using their everyday credit card at great price. With this integration, Infinito Wallet can offer the most complete crypto experience for investors. We\u2019re very pleased to collaborate with an industry leader like Simplex to bring valuable crypto services to users worldwide.\u201d???????????? Jack Nguyen, Director of Infinito \u201cPartnering with Simplex has allowed Ivyn users to purchase cryptocurrencies fast and safe.????????????Super customer support and easy and efficient communication.\u201d Marzio Panelli, CEO of Ivy Group BECOME A PARTNER Making Headlines Watch Nimrod Lehavi on a panel at the \u201cBitcoin 2019\u201d conference WATCH Thieves Have it Easy with Bitcoin, Says Anti-Fraud Entrepreneur GO TO ARTICLE Buy Bitcoin with credit card in your wallet GO TO ARTICLE NOAH Berlin 2017 \u2013 Nimrod Lehavi,????????????Co-Founder & CEO, Simplex GO TO VIDEO Need assistance? Have a question? Our specialists are more than happy to help. Kindly contact our 24/7 support team by submitting a ticket through our support center. ???????????? CHECK OUT OUR SUPPORT CENTER ???????????? We are on the lookout for outstanding tech wizards and top-notch professionals to help us fight fraud! Feel free to apply for one of our open positions & contact our HR team JOIN OUR TEAM Home What We Do Partners About News FAQ Careers Contact Terms of use ", 
    "CompanyName": "Simplex", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "simplex", 
    "Hash": "B113B956929AD8C0F17A3890452F138E", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, cryptocurrency, algorithms, wallet, digital asset, fraud, financial, cryptocurrencies, artificial intelligence, bitcoin, swift", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Buy, RU", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.simplex.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/simplex-product-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- simplex", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Simplex - Enabling Payments, Defeating Fraud", 
    "Url": "https://www.simplex.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
