{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.bankofcanada.ca/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.bankofcanada.ca/careers/",
        "https://www.bankofcanada.ca/careers/scholarship-awards/",
        "https://www.banqueducanada.ca/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/bank-of-canada-project-manager-cbdc/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Bank of Canada",
    "Hash": "B2141F929347C93CDB35350D63C5B10A",
    "Url": "https://www.bankofcanada.ca/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "bankofcanada",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Skip to content Home Search the site Search FR Home Toggle navigation FR Toggle Search Search the site Search About The Bank About the Bank The Bank's History The Bank's Head Office Regional Offices Photos & Videos Contact Archives Background materials Corporate Governance Board of Directors Governing Council and Senior Management Governance Documents Educational Resources Explainers Financial Education Resources Careers Take a central role at the Bank of Canada with our current opportunities and scholarships. Core Functions Core Functions Monetary Policy Financial System Currency Funds Management Featured Links Key Interest Rate: Target for the Overnight Rate Unclaimed Balances Toward 2021 Reviewing the Monetary Policy Framework. Financial System Hub Promoting a stable and efficient financial system. Markets Markets About Financial Markets Market Notices Term Repos Market Operations and Liquidity Provision Canadian Foreign Exchange Committee Canadian Fixed-Income Forum Canadian Alternative Reference Rate Working Group Government Securities Auctions Calls for Tenders and Results Schedules and Results Rules and Terms Forms and Certificates Data Definitions and Formulas Market Notices July 8, 2020 2020-21 Debt Management Strategy June 29, 2020 Operational details for upcoming secondary market purchases of Government of Canada securities (July 6-July 17) See More Bank Notes Bank Notes Bank Notes Past and Present Bank Note Redemption Service Counterfeit Prevention Images Training and Education Materials Videos The next bank NOTE-able Canadian Learn how the selection process for the portrait subject of the $5 note will unfold. Upcoming changes to legal tender status for older bank notes Find out what removing legal tender status means and which bank notes are affected. Publications Publications Annual & Quarterly Report Bank of Canada Review Business Outlook Survey Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations The Economy, Plain and Simple Financial System Hub Monetary Policy Report Senior Loan Officer Survey Books and Monographs Browse Publications Browse and filter Bank of Canada publications by author, JEL code, topic and content type. Statistical Publications Summary of Government of Canada Direct Securities and Loans Monetary Policy Report \u2013 April 2020 Canada\u2019s economy faces two significant shocks\u2014the plunge in global oil prices and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Research Research Browse Research Staff Analytical Notes Staff Discussion Papers Staff Working Papers Technical Reports People Economic Staff Author List Awards Research Paper Awards Scholarship Awards Fellowship Program The Governor's Challenge Collaboration Financial System Research Centre Visiting Scholar Program Conferences, Seminars and Workshops PIVOT Program Digital Currencies and Fintech Understanding digital currencies and related financial technologies is an important part of our research agenda. Press Press Announcements Press Releases Selected Media Activities Speeches and appearances Upcoming Events Webcasts Browse Press Browse and filter Bank of Canada press content by topic, author, location and content type. Info Media Advisories Media Contacts Blackout Guidelines Principles for External Communication Canadian Clubs and Cercles canadiens - Speech (Webcasts) Monetary Policy in the Context of COVID - Tiff Macklem, the Governor of the Bank of Canada, delivers a speech hosted by the Canadian Clubs and Cercles canadiens (11:00 (Eastern Time) approx.) Statistics Statistics Daily Digest Exchange Rates Interest Rates Price Indexes Indicators Banking and Financial Statistics Related Information Inflation Calculator Investment Calculator Official International Reserves Credit Conditions Staff Economic Projections These forecasts are provided to Governing Council in preparation for monetary policy decisions. They are released once a year with a five-year lag. Search the site search We are Canada's central bank. We work to preserve the value of money by keeping inflation low and stable. Policy Interest Rate 0.25% Jun 3, 2020 Total CPI Inflation -0.4% May 2020 CPI-trim 1.7% May 2020 CPI-median 1.9% May 2020 CPI-common 1.4% May 2020 COVID-19: Actions to Support the Economy and Financial System Learn about the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Bank\u2019s actions to support the Canadian economy and financial system. News July 6, 2020 A Road Map to Payment Systems Paul Miller, Ariel Olivares Your money on the move Content Type(s): Publications, The Economy, Plain and Simple Topic(s): Payment clearing and settlement systems July 6, 2020 Business Outlook Survey\u2014Summer 2020 Results from the summer Business Outlook Survey suggest that business sentiment is strongly negative in all regions and sectors due to impacts from the COVID 19 pandemic and the drop in oil prices. Firms reported that weak demand is reducing both capacity pressures and expectations for price growth. Content Type(s): Publications, Business Outlook Survey July 6, 2020 Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations\u2014Second Quarter of 2020 The Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations (CSCE) focuses on respondents\u2019 views on inflation, the labour market and household finances. The survey for the second quarter of 2020 was conducted from May 11 to June 1, 2020. Given the ongoing pandemic, in this survey, specific questions were added about the impact on Canadians of COVID\u201119 and the measures to contain the spread of the virus. Content Type(s): Publications, Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations July 3, 2020 Protecting yourself from scams Here\u2019s how to recognize and report a scam. Content Type(s): Press, Announcements June 30, 2020 Our COVID-19 response: navigating diverse economic impacts Lawrence L. Schembri The pandemic and related measures to control the spread of the virus have deeply affected Canadians and the Canadian economy. The impacts have been different across sectors and regions. The economic recovery will also vary across the country as local economies start to reopen. Content Type(s): Publications, The Economy, Plain and Simple See More Exchange Rates Canadian dollar CAD Press enter to expand the list of currencies. Current currency is USD Australian dollar Brazilian real Chinese renminbi European euro Hong Kong dollar Indian rupee Indonesian rupiah Japanese yen Mexican peso New Zealand dollar Norwegian krone Peruvian new sol Russian ruble Saudi riyal Singapore dollar South African rand South Korean won Swedish krona Swiss franc Taiwanese dollar Turkish lira UK pound sterling US dollar A modern browser with javascript enabled is required to view our charts. Alternatively, the data is available for download in: XML JSON CSV Schedule of Key Interest Rate Announcements and Monetary Policy Report Eight times a year, the Bank announces its decision on the setting of its key policy interest rate. Market Notices July 8, 2020 2020-21 Debt Management Strategy June 29, 2020 Operational details for upcoming secondary market purchases of Government of Canada securities (July 6-July 17) June 15, 2020 Operational details for upcoming secondary market purchases of Government of Canada securities (June 22-July 3) June 5, 2020 CARR welcomes MX\u2019s listing of new Three-Month CORRA Futures June 3, 2020 Bank of Canada Announces Changes to Term Repo Operations and Bankers\u2019 Acceptance Purchase Facility See More Upcoming Events July 15, 2020 Release of the Interest Rate Announcement & Monetary Policy Report July 15, 2020 Press Conference - Monetary Policy Report August 3, 2020 Civic Holiday August 17, 2020 Publication \u2013 Results of the Senior Loan Officer Survey September 7, 2020 Labour Day See More About Contact Careers Press Educational Resources Affiliate Sites Bank of Canada Museum Credit Conditions Canada Savings Bonds Canadian Foreign Exchange Committee Unclaimed Balances Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Access to Information & Privacy (ATIP) Info Source Fraud Prevention Follow the Bank Twitter Youtube Flickr LinkedIn RSS Feeds Email Alerts We use cookies to help us keep improving this website. Accept and continue",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- bankofcanada",
    "Location": "Canada",
    "CompanyName": "Bank of Canada",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
