{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://netki.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://netki.com/career/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/netki-qa-lead-engineer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Home | Netki",
    "Hash": "B49FF1F536A5B64DD9E7D5D6C6AFE58E",
    "Url": "https://netki.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "netki",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Home Our Solutions Onboarding Individuals Onboarding Corporate Entities Travel Rule Compliance Resources Contact Us Schedule Demo Home Our Solutions Onboarding Individuals Onboarding Corporate Entities Travel Rule Compliance Resources Contact Us Schedule Demo Global Identity Validation for the Digital Economy. Schedule Demo We\u2019re building the future of trust with advanced biometrics, a fully automated, scalable solution, and deep industry knowledge, to ensure compliance in all your digital transactions. SEE OUR SOLUTION FOR ONBOARDING INDIVIDUALS SEE OUR SOLUTION FOR ONBOARDING CORPORATIONS SEE OUR SOLUTION FOR TRAVEL RULE COMPLIANCE   Global Reach Netki delivers the highest autovalidation rates by accepting more ID types, supporting multiple languages, reading ID documents in native character sets and having the greatest racial diversity recognition. Friction Free Experience Whether they\u2019re activating an account or completing a transaction, your customers will have a seamless, intuitive experience that takes seconds to complete. Advanced ID Validation Our pixel by pixel ID analysis and advanced biometrics identify fraud faster, keeping you and your customers secure. Fast to Implement With API's and mobile SDK\u2019s for IOS and Android, we integrate with your existing systems to help you get up and running fast. Production-Proven Travel Rule Compliance Bring every transaction into compliance with TransactID, our comprehensive solution for Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs). It\u2019s the only Travel Rule compliance solution that\u2019s been in use since 2016. Works with custodial and non-custodial wallets Flexible to work with varying requirements of your applicable jurisdictions Open standards solution avoids vendor lock in Leverages legally accepted digital identity standard Learn More OnboardID: Dramatically Reduce Onboarding Costs While Stopping Fraud Deliver the fast and easy experience customers demand, while decreasing fraud risk. OnboardID is the leading solution for both individual and corporate onboarding. Fully automated solution decreases onboarding costs up to 60%. Autovalidate up to 95% of new customer ID's. \u201cWhite-labeled\u201d mobile app validates ID's in less than a minute. Advanced biometrics and analysis detect fraud better than any other KYC solution. Intuitive dashboard interface gives compliance officers unmatched audit trail. KYC Individuals KYC Corporations OnboardID and TransactID: Powerful alone. Even better together. Our two solutions deliver industry-leading innovation as standalone products. Together they offer a comprehensive compliance suite that\u2019s unmatched. However you choose to implement them, our solutions are: Flexible Our solutions work with your existing compliance policies, and can be modified to address regulations in your applicable jurisdictions, and your business needs. Private Developed with the privacy of your users\u2019 data in mind. Your data is your data, and we strictly adhere to your retention policies. Compliant Meets KYC and AML requirements of FATF, FinCen, FINMA, MAS and all global financial regulatory bodies. Easy to Implement With API\u2019s, mobile SDK\u2019s for IOS and Android, and BIP75-compliant SDK\u2019s, we integrate with your existing systems to help you get up and running fast. Secure Hardened against hackers, our solutions limit the scale of attacks and make them extremely costly and unattractive to would-be fraudsters. Scalable Proven to handle fluctuations in demand you may experience. When your business spikes, we\u2019re ready to handle the load. We\u2019ve partnered with leading technology, blockchain, and financial organizations to deliver the most comprehensive ID validation solution available. Our Customers Speak \u201cIt\u2019s comforting for me to be able to depend on Netki. I go back and forth with them every day, talking or on Slack. Probably every hour that I\u2019m online and, the responsiveness, the quality of support that we get, the turnaround time and issues that can be resolved by Netki are just outstanding.\u201d   Andy Grant VP of Marketing Hedera Hashgraph Our Partners Include: Some of Our Customers: Human Interactions. Secured. We are committed to unleashing the innovative power of technology, so people everywhere can interact and transact safely and securely. Schedule Demo Management Careers Terms Privacy Contact Us © Copyright 2020, Netki",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- netki"
}