{
    "Body": "Guides Buy Bitcoin Buy Ethereum Buy Bitcoin cash Buy Litecoin Buy Ripple Deposit with bunq Blog Support Sign in Get started Menu Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Ok Discover the new economy BUX Crypto offers the easiest way to buy and sell cryptocurrency Get started Purchased 0.01 Bitcoin for \u20ac54.12 Buy with Euro BUX Crypto offers the easiest way to buy and sell cryptocurrency directly with Euro. Fast and easy Access BUX Crypto everywhere you go on your mobile or desktop with the same user-friendly interface. For starters and pros BUX Crypto is the most convenient platform built for both beginners and experienced traders. Get started > Trade Bitcoin and other popular cryptocurrencies The most popular cryptocurrencies, available on BUX Crypto Tron trx Buy Electroneum etn Buy Zcash zec Buy Bitcoin btc Buy Bitcoin Cash bch Buy AELF elf Buy EOS eos Buy BUX bux Buy IOTA miota Buy Neo neo Buy Ripple xrp Buy Ethereum eth Buy Litecoin ltc Buy Bitcoin btc Buy Electroneum etn Buy Tron trx Buy BUX bux Buy Neo neo Buy EOS eos Buy Zcash zec Buy Ethereum eth Buy Bitcoin Cash bch Buy AELF elf Buy IOTA miota Buy Ripple xrp Buy Litecoin ltc Buy Bitcoin btc Buy Neo neo Buy Zcash zec Buy BUX bux Buy AELF elf Buy Bitcoin Cash bch Buy Tron trx Buy IOTA miota Buy Ripple xrp Buy Electroneum etn Buy Ethereum eth Buy Litecoin ltc Buy EOS eos Buy AELF elf Buy BUX bux Buy Bitcoin btc Buy Bitcoin Cash bch Buy EOS eos Buy Electroneum etn Buy Ethereum eth Buy IOTA miota Buy Litecoin ltc Buy Neo neo Buy Ripple xrp Buy Tron trx Buy Zcash zec Buy Become a better trader with the BUX Token BUX lets beginner traders copy and learn from the best, while rewarding experienced traders for their skills. Beginners Invest on autopilot by copying successful traders Experienced traders Earn BUX Tokens by sharing your trading skills Beginners Invest on autopilot by copying successful traders Experienced traders Earn BUX Tokens by sharing your trading skills We are building the next\u2013generation trading platform Stay up to date Learn from experienced traders With Social Trading you learn from experienced traders by copying their trading activities. As an experienced trader you earn BUX Crypto tokens as a reward for sharing your trading skills with beginners. You own the private keys The best of both worlds combined in a hybrid\u2013decentralized platform. Access liquidity, trade with high speed, and store your assets on the blockchain. Always get the best price We integrate with other leading crypto exchanges, enabling us to source the best prices for our users through our smart-order-routing system. Global coverage We are expanding our global footprint, meaning that everyone will soon be able to use the BUX Crypto platform, regardless of currency or payment method. The new digital economy, accessible to anyone. We foresee that cryptocurrencies will play a key role in a digital economy that is both transparent and open. By bridging the traditional world of finance with the new crypto-economy, we aim to contribute to that vision. Start with cryptocurrencies today Begin with as little as 30 Euro Get started BUX Crypto Sign in Create account Support Blog Guides Buy Bitcoin Buy Ethereum Buy Bitcoin cash Buy Litecoin Buy Ripple Deposit with bunq Social NL EN ???????????? BUX Alternative Investments B.V. Spuistraat 114B, 1012 VA Amsterdam, Netherlands support-crypto@getbux.com", 
    "CompanyName": "Not Found", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "blockport", 
    "Hash": "B70B4873F97453A49D88EC67B6D5B01A", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, trading, ethereum, litecoin, ripple, financial, zcash, exchanges, private keys, cryptocurrencies, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Buy, RU", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://blockport.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/blockport-compliance-officer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- blockport", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "BUX Crypto: Buy, Sell and Trade Cryptocurrencies with Euro", 
    "Url": "https://blockport.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
