{
    "Body": "Latest News Op-Eds Press Releases About Advertise Publish Press Release The Satoshi Revolution Search News Jun 26, 2020 Search Latest News Op-Eds Press Releases About Advertise Publish Press Release The Satoshi Revolution Your ad here \u00c2\u00a0 Featured by Kevin Helms Nov 11, 2019 Crypto Jobs on the Rise, Thousands Listed The number of job vacancies in the crypto industry is growing but fewer people are searching for them, according to a major U.S. job listing website. Thousands of jobs relating to Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and blockchain technology are currently available as new employers seek to enter the space and existing players expand operations. Also read: China Now Censors Anti-Blockchain Sentiment, Educates Public on Bitcoin More Jobs, Fewer Searches Jobs in the field of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology are on the rise, according to Indeed, a leading job listing platform and search engine. The company analyzed millions of job postings on Indeed.com to determine the current state of the crypto job market in the U.S. The results were published Thursday by the company\u2019s tech hiring platform, Seen by Indeed. \u201cAccording to Indeed.com, in the four-year period between September 2015 and September 2019, the share of these jobs per million grew by 1,457%. In that same time period, the share of searches per million increased by \u2018only\u2019 469%,\u201d a blog post on Seen by Indeed\u2019s website details. Looking at data over the past year alone, crypto job listings increased by 26% while crypto job searches decreased by 53%. The number of job postings grew the most between 2017-18 while the number of job searches grew the most in 2016-17. This year, the number of crypto jobs searched decreased for the first time. The company also revealed that the top five tech jobs in the industry are software engineers, senior software engineers, software architects, full stack developers, and front end developers. Top Employers: Who\u2019s Hiring At the time of this writing, there are 1,090 crypto-specific jobs, 293 Bitcoin-specific jobs, and over 2,000 blockchain-related jobs listed on Indeed.com. In addition, 116 listings specifically mention smart contracts and 64 refer to distributed ledger technology. While most are full-time jobs, there are also part-time, contract, internship, commission-based, and temporary jobs. Employers with the most crypto and blockchain-related job listings include Cisco, IBM, Collins Aerospace, Deloitte, Amazon.com, Accenture, Coinbase, Ripple, EY, Gemini Trust, Facebook, General Dynamics Information Technology, Lockheed Martin Corp., Overstock.com, and JPMorgan Chase. Companies seeking to fill cryptocurrency-specific job vacancies include Coinbase, 72 jobs; Gemini Trust, 43 jobs; Gemini, 36 jobs; Praetorian, 28 jobs; Revolut, 26 jobs; Facebook, 25 jobs; Kraken, 24 jobs; JPMorgan Chase, 24 jobs; Cyphertrace, 19 jobs; Binance, 14 jobs; Chainalysis, 11 jobs; Paxful, 10 jobs; Bakkt, 8 jobs; and Huobi, 8 jobs. Salaries vary by employer and job. Revolut\u2019s jobs on Indeed.com start at $63,600, Gemini Trust and Gemini $68,000, Praetorian $84,100, and Coinbase $71,100. Indeed operates job listing platforms for 63 countries. The U.K. has over 1,000 jobs relating to Bitcoin, cryptocurrency or blockchain technology listed. Besides Indeed, there are other websites with crypto job listings, as news.Bitcoin.com previously reported. Job seekers can also approach companies directly. Bitcoin.com also has some job openings. Moreover, government agencies are increasingly filling crypto-related positions. The U.S. Federal Reserve, for example, said earlier this month that it is looking for a candidate to oversee digital currency research. The New York State Department of Financial Services announced a job vacancy last month for a Deputy Superintendent for Virtual Currency. What do you think of the crypto job market? Let us know in the comments section below. Images courtesy of Shutterstock and Seen by Indeed. Did you know you can buy and sell BCH privately using our noncustodial, peer-to-peer Local Bitcoin Cash trading platform? The local.Bitcoin.com marketplace has thousands of participants from all around the world trading BCH right now. And if you need a bitcoin wallet to securely store your coins, you can download one from us here. Ethereum Network Fees Jump Above Bitcoin Transaction Fees for Two Weeks Straight FEATURED | 2 days ago Bitcoin's Rise Driven by Institutional Trading, Says Research and Investor Sentiment FEATURED | 6 days ago Tags in this story Use Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash to play online casino games here. Show comments In Case You Missed It Wilshire Phoenix Files Publicly-Traded Bitcoin Trust to Challenge Grayscale's $3.4 Billion Dominance Wilshire Phoenix has filed to launch a publicly-traded trust called Bitcoin Commodity Trust (BCT) - putting the firm in direct competition with Grayscale Investments' $3.4 billion bitcoin trust (GBTC). According to the June 12 filing with the U.S. Securities and ... read more. Crypto 101: How to Send and Receive Bitcoin Cash Via the Bitcoin.com Wallet During the last few months in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak and faltering global economy, many individuals have shown an interest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. However, oftentimes people can find the process a bit daunting because they are ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Candidate Paul Le Roux to Start Bitcoin Mining Business After Prison Time A possible Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. Criminal mastermind Paul Le Roux told the judge that upon his release he plans to \"start a business selling and hosting bitcoin miners,\" ... read more. Limitless Bailouts: US Federal Reserve Announces Billion-Dollar Corporate Bond Purchase Program During the last three months, the U.S. Federal Reserve has created a system of monetary avarice, as the central bank can literally do whatever it wants with zero oversight. The American public recently witnessed the Fed\u2019s announcement on Monday, which ... read more. Will India Ban Crypto? 5 Exchange Executives Shed Light on the Truth There has been some confusion over whether India will ban cryptocurrency, including bitcoin, following recent reports of a note being circulated by the government. News.Bitcoin.com interviewed executives of five cryptocurrency exchange platforms in India to find out the truth about ... read more. CFTC Chairman: US Must Lead the World in Crypto With Less Restrictive Rules The chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has called on other regulators to establish a framework for sound crypto regulation. He believes that the U.S. must lead in the crypto field and \"applying overly prescriptive rules could stunt ... read more. Fed Chair Powell Warns of 'Unsustainable' Budget as US National Debt Crosses $26 Trillion In his testimony before the Senate banking committee, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell warned Congress that the U.S. federal budget has been on an unsustainable path for years. He added that the U.S. economy is facing a deep downturn with ... read more. IRS Tells Couple With $7 Million in Bitcoin to Liquidate Crypto Assets and Pay off Tax Debt The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has won a case in which it demanded that a Maryland couple liquidate their bitcoin to pay-off a $1.1 million tax debt. Alexander and Laura Strashny proposed to the IRS to pay their 2017 tax ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Heats Up: High Difficulty Adjustment, Pool Consolidation, Less Concentration in China It\u2019s been approximately 37 days since the notorious Bitcoin reward halving that took place on Monday, May 11, 2020. On June 16, the Bitcoin network saw a large upwards difficulty adjustment making it much harder to mine bitcoins and slowing ... read more. Wisdomtree Files ETF With 5% Bitcoin Exposure Amid SEC Resistance Wisdomtree has filed for a commodity fund with 5% exposure to bitcoin, in a fresh attempt to bring an exchange-traded fund (ETF) backed by the benchmark cryptocurrency to the market. According to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ... read more. Trump Told Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to 'Go After Bitcoin' - Former National Security Advisor John Bolton Says Former national security advisor John Bolton has reportedly revealed in his upcoming book an instruction about bitcoin that President Donald Trump gave to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The U.S. Justice Department has filed a lawsuit against Bolton to stop the ... read more. Singapore-Based Carpooling Platform Ryde Plans to Support Bitcoin Payments The popular and first Singapore-based carpooling platform, Ryde has revealed that customers will soon be able to pay with bitcoin. The feature will be available after the bitcoin support is incorporated into the company's payment app on June 22. Ryde ... read more. Dollar Crash Imminent, Former Morgan Stanley Chief Economist Stephen Roach Predicts Stephen Roach, former chief economist at Morgan Stanley, has predicted that a dollar crash is coming, forecasting a 35% drop in the dollar's value against other major currencies. He expects the U.S. national savings rate to sink deeper into negative ... read more. Analysts Say Bitcoin Breakout Imminent: Silver-like Suppression, $5 Trillion in Cash Could Flow Into BTC A number of venture capitalists and macro investors believe bitcoin's price will break out soon following suit with gold\u2019s recent climactic rise. Dan Tapeiro, cofounder of Gold Bullion International, thinks that $4.6 trillion in cash sitting on the sidelines right ... read more. Crypto Card Issuer Wirecard Missing $2.1 Billion Cash, Company Shares Plunge 62% About 1.9 billion euros ($2.13 billion) worth of cash is missing from one of Wirecard's trust accounts and the crypto debit card provider cannot as yet account for the money, the company reported on Thursday. In a statement, the major ... read more. Bitcoin Games Launches Midsummer Promotion as Sweden Looks Toward Launching its Own Digital Currency The premier cryptocurrency gaming portal, Bitcoin Games has announced the launch of a Midsummer promotion that promises Free Spins and loads of entertainment. For well over, five years now Bitcoin Games has been the go-to destination for all your gaming ... read more. How Bitcoin of America\u2019s Compliance Program Made Possible the Restitution of Half a Million Dollars to Fraud Victims Robust and effective compliance programs for virtual asset exchanges such as Bitcoin of America, which owns and operates a crypto exchange platform as well as a nationwide network of bitcoin ATM locations, isn\u2019t simply a matter of operating a system ... read more. Bitcoin Whale Transfers $2.2 Billion Worth of BTC for Just $7 Whale alert reports that a so-called whale has transferred the equivalent of $2.24 billion in bitcoin for less than $7. In a series of tweets on Friday, the crypto tracking tool said the bitcoin (BTC) whale sent a total of ... read more. Bitcoin.com Exchange Announces Listing of New Digital Asset BUY by Burency Bitcoin.com Exchange is thrilled to announce the upcoming listing of a new digital asset on the 20th of August 2020 at 10:00 UTC. BUY by Burency is a new cryptocurrency that aims to increase cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption in the ... read more. Bitcoin's Rise Driven by Institutional Trading, Says Research and Investor Sentiment The cryptocurrency bitcoin is trading at an all-time high relative to its social activity, explains the crypto research firm Tie. The analysts at Tie believe the ratio indicates that bitcoin is being driven by institutional trading. Meanwhile, statistics from Google ... read more. Ernst & Young Launches Application to Help US Crypto Investors With Tax Filings Ernst & Young (EY) has introduced a new application that helps U.S. cryptocurrency traders calculate and file their taxes with ease. The EY Cryptoprep app, a Software as a Service (SaaS) web-based crypto tax engine, helps users calculate crypto-related gains ... read more. Akon City: $6 Billion Cryptocurrency City Set to Begin Construction Akon City, a \"futuristic cryptocurrency themed city\" founded by famous singer Akon, is ready to begin construction, with a plan to use the akoin cryptocurrency exclusively. Phase one of Akon City's construction will include roads, a hospital, a mall, hotels, ... read more. Meet Mistcoin - The First Mineable SLP Token Implementation Launched on Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash proponents have been introduced to a new project built using the Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) framework called mistcoin (MIST). The new token is essentially the first mineable implementation of colored coins on Bitcoin Cash. Mist allows participants to ... read more. Breaking Bitcoin: Crypto Proponents Discuss Honeywell's 6 Qubit Quantum Computer On June 19, 2020, the massive industrial firm Honeywell told the public the company is now running a quantum computer that effectively leverages six effective quantum bits, or qubits. Honeywell\u2019s machine is two times more powerful than the quantum computers ... read more. Wirecard CEO Quits as Crypto Card Firm Reveals Missing $2.1 Billion Does Not Exist Wirecard chief executive officer quit as the crypto card payments firm revealed that the \u20ac1.9 billion ($2.1 billion) missing from its accounts may not exist. CEO Markus Braun resigned on June 19, after nearly 20 years at the helm. James ... read more. New Zealand Police Seize $91 Million From Russian Bitcoin Exchange Operator Police in New Zealand confiscated NZ$140 million ($91 million) from Russian bitcoin exchange operator Alexander Vinnik. Vinnik is the alleged owner of the collapsed BTC-e exchange. The funds were seized from bank accounts held by Canton Business Corporation, a New ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Kidnapped, Tortured by NSA to Destroy Crypto in New Movie 'Decrypted' Decrypted, a new crypto movie about Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, is in production. In this \"outrageous and provocative dark comedy,\" Satoshi Nakamoto is kidnapped by the NSA and tortured for information that could help the government destroy ... read more. Hundreds of Sites Now Earn Crypto Trading Fees: Exchange Wordpress Plugin Sees 300 Active Installs A couple of months ago, a new Wordpress (WP) plugin launched that allows anyone to host a digital currency trading platform. With the application, WP website owners can earn fees from various crypto asset trades. The developer of the plugin ... read more. Jay Clayton Leaves SEC: Crypto Industry Hopeful for Bitcoin ETF Approval Chairman Jay Clayton is geared to leave the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) after President Donald Trump nominates him to serve as the next U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. With his departure, the cryptocurrency industry ... read more. Elon Musk Bitcoin Giveaway Scam Rakes in Millions of Dollars in BTC 'Elon Musk' bitcoin giveaways continue to scam people on Youtube. Scammers have reportedly pulled in millions of dollars in bitcoin from people wanting to double their cryptocurrency. Some of them use bitcoin addresses containing the name Elon Musk, Spacex, or ... read more. Only 3.5 Million Bitcoin Is Traded Worldwide; Majority of BTC Held Long-Term as Digital Gold Only 3.5 million bitcoin or 19% of total circulating supply is actively traded throughout the world, while the rest is being held long-term by investors, according to a new report by crypto analytics company Chainalysis. Per the report, nearly 18.6 ... read more. Average Price of Bitcoin More Than Quadrupled Between Halvings Investing in bitcoin has been somewhat of a phenomenon, as millions of individuals have invested funds into the crypto-economy since at least 2010. One specific and lucrative method of investment is dollar-cost averaging. If an individual was to invest $10 ... read more. 7-Eleven, CVS, Rite Aid: Libertyx Adds 20,000 Stores to Buy Bitcoin With Cash Libertyx has expanded its network to include 20,000 7-Eleven, CVS, and Rite Aid Pharmacy stores where customers can buy bitcoin with cash. They can also buy bitcoin using debit cards at one of Libertyx's vast network of ATMs, bringing the ... read more. Jim Rogers Discusses Bitcoin as Money and Why Governments Will Stop Crypto Jim Rogers, who cofounded the Quantum Fund with billionaire investor George Soros, has shared his view on bitcoin, its use as money, and governments' response to the growing use of cryptocurrency. He predicts that central banks will not let uncontrolled ... read more. Ethereum Network Fees Jump Above Bitcoin Transaction Fees for Two Weeks Straight This week digital currency enthusiasts have been discussing network fees, specifically transaction fees associated with the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains. Last Sunday on June 21, one Ethereum proponent noted that during the last 16 days, Ethereum users have paid more ... read more. Simple Ledger Protocol Universe Is Thriving: Lottery, Mint, ATMs, Over 8,500 SLP Tokens Created It\u2019s been close to twelve months since we reported on the vast Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) universe built on top of the Bitcoin Cash chain. At the time, there were 2,700 unique SLP tokens created, and that\u2019s increased by 217% ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Chip Manufacturer Ebang to List on Nasdaq This Week On Friday, June 26, the China-based Zhejiang Ebang Communication, often referred to as Ebang, will be listed on Nasdaq, according to various reports. Ebang\u2019s initial public offering (IPO) will be the second U.S.-based IPO for an ASIC mining manufacturer joining ... read more. 6 Privacy-Enhancing Tools That Place Bitcoin Cash Transactions Ahead of the Pack On June 24, a Reddit post had a few Bitcoin Cash proponents discussing a number of privacy enhancements BCH supporters can leverage every time they transact. The Bitcoin Cash enthusiast, Mr. Zwet\u2019s r/btc post explained how BCH supporters can use ... read more. KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform KPMG has launched a cryptocurrency management platform designed to accelerate institutional crypto adoption. KPMG's patent-pending tool aims to bridge traditional data and crypto systems, integrating key use cases of cryptocurrency, including custody, wallets, and anti-money laundering (AML) transaction monitoring. KPMG's ... read more. Most Popular Latest News Self-Proclaimed Satoshi Claims He\u2019s Autistic, Judge Tosses Out Sanctions Against Craig Wright Wirecard $2 Billion Scandal: Firm Files for Insolvency, Ex-CEO Arrested, User Funds Safe US Senators Introduce \u2018Lawful Access to Encrypted Data Act\u2019 \u2014 With Backdoor Mandate Bitcoin Cash-Fueled Blogging Website Read.cash Raises Over $100K for Collective Initiative Australians Can Now Pay for Bitcoin at 3,500 Australia Post Offices Bitcoin Price Dump: Miners Start Selling 9,000 BTC, Possibly Opening Bear Cycle KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform Older Posts In Case You Missed It Wilshire Phoenix Files Publicly-Traded Bitcoin Trust to Challenge Grayscale's $3.4 Billion Dominance Wilshire Phoenix has filed to launch a publicly-traded trust called Bitcoin Commodity Trust (BCT) - putting the firm in direct competition with Grayscale Investments' $3.4 billion bitcoin trust (GBTC). According to the June 12 filing with the U.S. Securities and ... read more. Crypto 101: How to Send and Receive Bitcoin Cash Via the Bitcoin.com Wallet During the last few months in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak and faltering global economy, many individuals have shown an interest in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. However, oftentimes people can find the process a bit daunting because they are ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Candidate Paul Le Roux to Start Bitcoin Mining Business After Prison Time A possible Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. Criminal mastermind Paul Le Roux told the judge that upon his release he plans to \"start a business selling and hosting bitcoin miners,\" ... read more. Limitless Bailouts: US Federal Reserve Announces Billion-Dollar Corporate Bond Purchase Program During the last three months, the U.S. Federal Reserve has created a system of monetary avarice, as the central bank can literally do whatever it wants with zero oversight. The American public recently witnessed the Fed\u2019s announcement on Monday, which ... read more. Will India Ban Crypto? 5 Exchange Executives Shed Light on the Truth There has been some confusion over whether India will ban cryptocurrency, including bitcoin, following recent reports of a note being circulated by the government. News.Bitcoin.com interviewed executives of five cryptocurrency exchange platforms in India to find out the truth about ... read more. CFTC Chairman: US Must Lead the World in Crypto With Less Restrictive Rules The chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has called on other regulators to establish a framework for sound crypto regulation. He believes that the U.S. must lead in the crypto field and \"applying overly prescriptive rules could stunt ... read more. Fed Chair Powell Warns of 'Unsustainable' Budget as US National Debt Crosses $26 Trillion In his testimony before the Senate banking committee, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell warned Congress that the U.S. federal budget has been on an unsustainable path for years. He added that the U.S. economy is facing a deep downturn with ... read more. IRS Tells Couple With $7 Million in Bitcoin to Liquidate Crypto Assets and Pay off Tax Debt The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has won a case in which it demanded that a Maryland couple liquidate their bitcoin to pay-off a $1.1 million tax debt. Alexander and Laura Strashny proposed to the IRS to pay their 2017 tax ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Heats Up: High Difficulty Adjustment, Pool Consolidation, Less Concentration in China It\u2019s been approximately 37 days since the notorious Bitcoin reward halving that took place on Monday, May 11, 2020. On June 16, the Bitcoin network saw a large upwards difficulty adjustment making it much harder to mine bitcoins and slowing ... read more. Wisdomtree Files ETF With 5% Bitcoin Exposure Amid SEC Resistance Wisdomtree has filed for a commodity fund with 5% exposure to bitcoin, in a fresh attempt to bring an exchange-traded fund (ETF) backed by the benchmark cryptocurrency to the market. According to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ... read more. Trump Told Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to 'Go After Bitcoin' - Former National Security Advisor John Bolton Says Former national security advisor John Bolton has reportedly revealed in his upcoming book an instruction about bitcoin that President Donald Trump gave to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The U.S. Justice Department has filed a lawsuit against Bolton to stop the ... read more. Singapore-Based Carpooling Platform Ryde Plans to Support Bitcoin Payments The popular and first Singapore-based carpooling platform, Ryde has revealed that customers will soon be able to pay with bitcoin. The feature will be available after the bitcoin support is incorporated into the company's payment app on June 22. Ryde ... read more. Dollar Crash Imminent, Former Morgan Stanley Chief Economist Stephen Roach Predicts Stephen Roach, former chief economist at Morgan Stanley, has predicted that a dollar crash is coming, forecasting a 35% drop in the dollar's value against other major currencies. He expects the U.S. national savings rate to sink deeper into negative ... read more. Analysts Say Bitcoin Breakout Imminent: Silver-like Suppression, $5 Trillion in Cash Could Flow Into BTC A number of venture capitalists and macro investors believe bitcoin's price will break out soon following suit with gold\u2019s recent climactic rise. Dan Tapeiro, cofounder of Gold Bullion International, thinks that $4.6 trillion in cash sitting on the sidelines right ... read more. Crypto Card Issuer Wirecard Missing $2.1 Billion Cash, Company Shares Plunge 62% About 1.9 billion euros ($2.13 billion) worth of cash is missing from one of Wirecard's trust accounts and the crypto debit card provider cannot as yet account for the money, the company reported on Thursday. In a statement, the major ... read more. Bitcoin Games Launches Midsummer Promotion as Sweden Looks Toward Launching its Own Digital Currency The premier cryptocurrency gaming portal, Bitcoin Games has announced the launch of a Midsummer promotion that promises Free Spins and loads of entertainment. For well over, five years now Bitcoin Games has been the go-to destination for all your gaming ... read more. How Bitcoin of America\u2019s Compliance Program Made Possible the Restitution of Half a Million Dollars to Fraud Victims Robust and effective compliance programs for virtual asset exchanges such as Bitcoin of America, which owns and operates a crypto exchange platform as well as a nationwide network of bitcoin ATM locations, isn\u2019t simply a matter of operating a system ... read more. Bitcoin Whale Transfers $2.2 Billion Worth of BTC for Just $7 Whale alert reports that a so-called whale has transferred the equivalent of $2.24 billion in bitcoin for less than $7. In a series of tweets on Friday, the crypto tracking tool said the bitcoin (BTC) whale sent a total of ... read more. Bitcoin.com Exchange Announces Listing of New Digital Asset BUY by Burency Bitcoin.com Exchange is thrilled to announce the upcoming listing of a new digital asset on the 20th of August 2020 at 10:00 UTC. BUY by Burency is a new cryptocurrency that aims to increase cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption in the ... read more. Bitcoin's Rise Driven by Institutional Trading, Says Research and Investor Sentiment The cryptocurrency bitcoin is trading at an all-time high relative to its social activity, explains the crypto research firm Tie. The analysts at Tie believe the ratio indicates that bitcoin is being driven by institutional trading. Meanwhile, statistics from Google ... read more. Ernst & Young Launches Application to Help US Crypto Investors With Tax Filings Ernst & Young (EY) has introduced a new application that helps U.S. cryptocurrency traders calculate and file their taxes with ease. The EY Cryptoprep app, a Software as a Service (SaaS) web-based crypto tax engine, helps users calculate crypto-related gains ... read more. Akon City: $6 Billion Cryptocurrency City Set to Begin Construction Akon City, a \"futuristic cryptocurrency themed city\" founded by famous singer Akon, is ready to begin construction, with a plan to use the akoin cryptocurrency exclusively. Phase one of Akon City's construction will include roads, a hospital, a mall, hotels, ... read more. Meet Mistcoin - The First Mineable SLP Token Implementation Launched on Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash proponents have been introduced to a new project built using the Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) framework called mistcoin (MIST). The new token is essentially the first mineable implementation of colored coins on Bitcoin Cash. Mist allows participants to ... read more. Breaking Bitcoin: Crypto Proponents Discuss Honeywell's 6 Qubit Quantum Computer On June 19, 2020, the massive industrial firm Honeywell told the public the company is now running a quantum computer that effectively leverages six effective quantum bits, or qubits. Honeywell\u2019s machine is two times more powerful than the quantum computers ... read more. Wirecard CEO Quits as Crypto Card Firm Reveals Missing $2.1 Billion Does Not Exist Wirecard chief executive officer quit as the crypto card payments firm revealed that the \u20ac1.9 billion ($2.1 billion) missing from its accounts may not exist. CEO Markus Braun resigned on June 19, after nearly 20 years at the helm. James ... read more. New Zealand Police Seize $91 Million From Russian Bitcoin Exchange Operator Police in New Zealand confiscated NZ$140 million ($91 million) from Russian bitcoin exchange operator Alexander Vinnik. Vinnik is the alleged owner of the collapsed BTC-e exchange. The funds were seized from bank accounts held by Canton Business Corporation, a New ... read more. Satoshi Nakamoto Kidnapped, Tortured by NSA to Destroy Crypto in New Movie 'Decrypted' Decrypted, a new crypto movie about Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, is in production. In this \"outrageous and provocative dark comedy,\" Satoshi Nakamoto is kidnapped by the NSA and tortured for information that could help the government destroy ... read more. Hundreds of Sites Now Earn Crypto Trading Fees: Exchange Wordpress Plugin Sees 300 Active Installs A couple of months ago, a new Wordpress (WP) plugin launched that allows anyone to host a digital currency trading platform. With the application, WP website owners can earn fees from various crypto asset trades. The developer of the plugin ... read more. Jay Clayton Leaves SEC: Crypto Industry Hopeful for Bitcoin ETF Approval Chairman Jay Clayton is geared to leave the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) after President Donald Trump nominates him to serve as the next U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. With his departure, the cryptocurrency industry ... read more. Elon Musk Bitcoin Giveaway Scam Rakes in Millions of Dollars in BTC 'Elon Musk' bitcoin giveaways continue to scam people on Youtube. Scammers have reportedly pulled in millions of dollars in bitcoin from people wanting to double their cryptocurrency. Some of them use bitcoin addresses containing the name Elon Musk, Spacex, or ... read more. Only 3.5 Million Bitcoin Is Traded Worldwide; Majority of BTC Held Long-Term as Digital Gold Only 3.5 million bitcoin or 19% of total circulating supply is actively traded throughout the world, while the rest is being held long-term by investors, according to a new report by crypto analytics company Chainalysis. Per the report, nearly 18.6 ... read more. Average Price of Bitcoin More Than Quadrupled Between Halvings Investing in bitcoin has been somewhat of a phenomenon, as millions of individuals have invested funds into the crypto-economy since at least 2010. One specific and lucrative method of investment is dollar-cost averaging. If an individual was to invest $10 ... read more. 7-Eleven, CVS, Rite Aid: Libertyx Adds 20,000 Stores to Buy Bitcoin With Cash Libertyx has expanded its network to include 20,000 7-Eleven, CVS, and Rite Aid Pharmacy stores where customers can buy bitcoin with cash. They can also buy bitcoin using debit cards at one of Libertyx's vast network of ATMs, bringing the ... read more. Jim Rogers Discusses Bitcoin as Money and Why Governments Will Stop Crypto Jim Rogers, who cofounded the Quantum Fund with billionaire investor George Soros, has shared his view on bitcoin, its use as money, and governments' response to the growing use of cryptocurrency. He predicts that central banks will not let uncontrolled ... read more. Ethereum Network Fees Jump Above Bitcoin Transaction Fees for Two Weeks Straight This week digital currency enthusiasts have been discussing network fees, specifically transaction fees associated with the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains. Last Sunday on June 21, one Ethereum proponent noted that during the last 16 days, Ethereum users have paid more ... read more. Simple Ledger Protocol Universe Is Thriving: Lottery, Mint, ATMs, Over 8,500 SLP Tokens Created It\u2019s been close to twelve months since we reported on the vast Simple Ledger Protocol (SLP) universe built on top of the Bitcoin Cash chain. At the time, there were 2,700 unique SLP tokens created, and that\u2019s increased by 217% ... read more. Bitcoin Mining Chip Manufacturer Ebang to List on Nasdaq This Week On Friday, June 26, the China-based Zhejiang Ebang Communication, often referred to as Ebang, will be listed on Nasdaq, according to various reports. Ebang\u2019s initial public offering (IPO) will be the second U.S.-based IPO for an ASIC mining manufacturer joining ... read more. 6 Privacy-Enhancing Tools That Place Bitcoin Cash Transactions Ahead of the Pack On June 24, a Reddit post had a few Bitcoin Cash proponents discussing a number of privacy enhancements BCH supporters can leverage every time they transact. The Bitcoin Cash enthusiast, Mr. Zwet\u2019s r/btc post explained how BCH supporters can use ... read more. KPMG Introduces Cryptocurrency Management Platform KPMG has launched a cryptocurrency management platform designed to accelerate institutional crypto adoption. KPMG's patent-pending tool aims to bridge traditional data and crypto systems, integrating key use cases of cryptocurrency, including custody, wallets, and anti-money laundering (AML) transaction monitoring. KPMG's ... read more. Latest News Self-Proclaimed Satoshi Claims He\u2019s Autistic, Judge Tosses Out Sanctions Against Craig Wright Wirecard $2 Billion Scandal: Firm Files for Insolvency, Ex-CEO Arrested, User Funds Safe US Senators Introduce \u2018Lawful Access to Encrypted Data Act\u2019 \u2014 With Backdoor Mandate Bitcoin Cash-Fueled Blogging Website Read.cash Raises Over $100K for Collective Initiative Australians Can Now Pay for Bitcoin at 3,500 Australia Post Offices Bitcoin Price Dump: Miners Start Selling 9,000 BTC, Possibly Opening Bear Cycle Press releases Buy Stablecoins With Your Credit Card in Lumi Wallet Jun 24, 2020 Sparrow Raises USD 3.5 Mil in Series A Funding Jun 23, 2020 Here Is Why BigONE\u2019s New VIP System Can Make the Most... Jun 22, 2020 Submit a Press Release Most Popular Your ad here Return to the news front page here", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "bitcoin", 
    "Hash": "BC77F832009282FF1007EA994DB5ABBE", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.bitcoin.com/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/crypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/gofrom/recent_posts/bitcoin-price-dump-miners-start-selling-9000-btc-possibly-opening-bear-cycle", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/how-to-get-a-cryptocurrency-job/", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcrypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed%2F", 
        "https://news.bitcoin.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcrypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed%2F&format=xml", 
        "https://www.federalreserve.gov/start-job-search.htm", 
        "https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcrypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed%2F&title=Crypto%2BJobs%2Bon%2Bthe%2BRise%2C%2BThousands%2BListed&summary&source", 
        "https://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcrypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed%2F"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fnews.bitcoin.com%2Fcrypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed%2F&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjN6rzKh57qAhXXHM0KHe3MBfsQr4kDMAh6BAgMEAI&usg=AOvVaw2YMV0J8ZmvR1V7EGW6uBnR", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: google -- TO -- bitcoin", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Crypto Jobs on the Rise, Thousands Listed | Featured Bitcoin News", 
    "Url": "https://news.bitcoin.com/crypto-jobs-on-the-rise-thousands-listed/"
}
