{
    "Body": "Nanome is helping out schools and companies impacted by COVID-19 Learn More nanome Menu Products Nanome CalcFlow Matryx Pricing About Blog Contact Login shape red Manipulate and modify in real time Visualize atoms, molecules, proteins and beyond Collaborate in a virtual environment Immerse yourself in the nano world Better understand molecule structure and scale Discover new ways to design and model Import your own data Increase productivity Save work sessions Design molecules from the bottom up Work faster, together Change any atom, any time Nanome is changing the way we interact with and understand science. Big Innovations Start Small. the nanome world Immerse yourself in the nanoscale world. Nanome allows you to interact, experiment and design in 3-dimensional virtual space \u2014 improving your understanding of the invisible world. Watch Video Documentation Close Our Suite of Products Experiment, Collaborate and Design ???????????? Visualize and directly manipulate atoms, molecules, proteins and more \u2014 it's like Minecraft for matter. Free Demo Compatible with: oculus vive windows mixed reality Nanome Molecular Exploration & Design Analyze and design macromolecules in real time with your team. For serious scientists, researchers and pharmaceutical developers. Learn More CalcFlow Exploring the Beauty of Calculation Discover the foundations of vector calculus with Nanome\u2019s intuitive graphing calculator. Learn More Matryx Elevating Access to Science and Technology Using distributed blockchain technology, Matryx solves the age-old problems of scientific access, collaboration and attribution. Let's open-source innovation together. Learn More 01 02 03 04 /04 Rediscover Life Sciences Bioengineering Material Sciences Education The Future Every Industry is a Nano Industry Breakthroughs of the future will come at the nanoscale. Nanome brings intuitive, integrated workflows to leading universities and pharmaceutical companies to transform the way they work. Our Blog Previous Next Finally, I wish I could have been doing research this way my whole career. I LOVE the software you all developed! I use Nanome to design new molecules for research. I think VR is the future for chemistry and your team is in the forefront. People have been waiting for this both in academia and industry. Customer support was unparalleled, impressive and highly productive. Nanome is providing a solution that the industry really needs yet no one has done. Zoran Radic Professor at UCSD Semin Lee Assistant Professor in Chemistry, LSU Geoff Odell Former VP of Global Operations, Novartis Zoran Radic Professor at UCSD Allen Hsu Venture Capitalist, Sparkland Capital Institutions and brands that believe Nanome is the future of science Download Nanome's Press Pack Close Tell us more about yourself and the right team will contact you. First name * Last name Email * Organization/Affiliation name Which of the following do you identify most closely with? IT Professional Computational Chemist Structural Biologist Medicinal Chemist Crystallographer Protein Engineer Educator Student Press Blockchain Enthusiast Government Employee Philanthropist Other How did you hear about Nanome? Facebook Twitter Instagram Reddit LinkedIn Medium Friend Conference Digital Publication Other I'm interested in\u2026 * Send Contact us to learn more. Contact Us nanome Nanome, Inc. hello@nanome.ai Products Nanome CalcFlow Matryx Pricing About Blog Contact Sign up for our newsletter for exclusive content. facebook twitter instagram linkedin youtube Terms & Conditions ???????????? 2020 Copyright Nanome, Inc. All Rights Reserved. \u201cThere's plenty of room at the bottom.\u201d Richard Feynman Physicist", 
    "CompanyName": "UCSD", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "nanome", 
    "Hash": "BD00E37F4D3D7B374C55D76FAA25AF46", 
    "KeyTerms": "pharmaceutical, collaboration, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://nanome.ai/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/nanome-full-stack-web-developer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- nanome", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Creating powerful, collaborative and scientific VR tools | Nanome", 
    "Url": "https://nanome.ai/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
