{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dfuse.io/en/careers",
        "https://www.dfuse.io/en?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/dfuse-ethereum-developer-ambassador/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "dfuse \u2014 Powerful GraphQL, WebSocket and REST Blockchain APIs",
    "Hash": "C789036967B61C2C79DA398A5A4D42BF",
    "Url": "https://www.dfuse.io/en?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "dfuse",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "EOSIO Available on: EOS Mainnet Worbli WAX EOSIO Testnet CryptoKylin Testnet Your own network Ethereum (Alpha) Available on: Ethereum Mainnet Ropsten Solana Coming soon... LOGIN HELP 中文 Star ABOUT US TECH PRICING DOCS BLOG GITHUB GET STARTED FOR FREE Slick blockchain APIs to build world-class applications     With dfuse\u2019s lightning-fast streaming searches, you can concentrate on what you do best -- building stellar products that exceed your users\u2019 expectations. \u201c By switching to dfuse's GraphQL subscription query, we got rid of half our sync code, a whole server used for caching synched data, and we cut our DB size by 90% for the stored action history. This is a huge time & money savings for us. Kedar lyer Director of Software Development, Everipedia \u201c Using the dfuse API, we were able to switch from EOS to WAX almost instantly, without the need to refactor our backend. They offered exceptional support from the get-go, which was a game-changer for us. Dallas Rushing Co-Founder at Karma \u201c Thanks for the amazing support and great work. We are using dfuse to boost our platform performance. Jorge Alcario Software Engineer, pixEOS \u201c Thanks for building an amazing tool 🙏 We would have not been able to launch eosnameservice today without it. Robert Finch CEO Cypherglass Start your project right here, right now! Get blockchain data in just a few lines of code EOSIO Ethereum Check Your Balance Your latest 10 transactions Stream Global State Changes Stream Transfers Last 10 Transactions Stream Transfers A Developer-First Solution dfuse offers state of the art APIs to build next-generation blockchain apps dfuse Search Search the entire transaction history of the blockchain using a simple but powerful query language, with sub-second response times.. dfuse Lifecycle Track the lifecycle of a transaction as it changes state: pending, included in a block, forked, expired, etc. dfuse On-Demand Networks Dedicated on-demand blockchain environments for dev, test or production, packed. VIEW ALL TECH FEATURES Build with Total Peace of Mind Choose to develop your blockchain project with the comfort of the most performant and reliable infrastructure Web Native Easy-to-use GraphQL, WebSocket & REST API gRPC-GraphQL bridge for dozens of languages Libraries for quick integration Infrastructure Multiple Data Centre Redundancy High-Availability for all components Robust Backends Web-scale data backends Ultra-low latency, from blockchain to UI Uncompromised security Reliable and Monitored APIs SLA with 99.9% or higher uptime Your app is guaranteed to never miss a beat 24/7 Support Private Chat, Email, Phone Guaranteed response time Dedicated solutions experts for Enterprise customers Competitive Pricing Metered pricing Pay for what you use We grow together, as you become successful START BUILDING From Our Blog Latest News dfuse posts developer stories, blockchain development insights and tips for building scalable decentralized applications How Is Vote Strength Calculated on an EOSIO Blockchain? Tips and Tricks - Ethereum API: Searching and Filtering Internal Transactions Everything You Need to Know About Microforks on an EOSIO Blockchain VIEW BLOG Sign up for free and start building with dfuse GET STARTED FOR FREE Company About us Pricing Careers Branding Assets Blog ABCs of EOSIO & Ethereum Technology dfuse Stream dfuse Lifecycle dfuse Search dfuse Workers dfuse On Demand Networks dfuse Block Explorer Developers Documentation Helper Libraries dfuse Labs Sponsored Hackathons Support EOSIO Developers Ethereum Developers Help Center Contact Form Star © 2018-2020 dfuse. All Rights Reserved. ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- dfuse"
}