{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.forte.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/forte-design-lead-marketing/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Forte \u2013 Creating New Economic and Creative Opportunities for Billions of Gamers Around the World Through Blockchain",
    "Hash": "CA71DAAAF3B4564186B872CA3D998BD7",
    "Url": "https://www.forte.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "forte",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Forte Creating New Economic and Creative Opportunities for Billions of Gamers Around the World Through Blockchain Commitments Blog Contact Show Search Search this website Hide Search Creating New Economic and Creative Opportunities Blockchain technology unlocks a world of new possibilities for billions of players around the world. The Forte Difference We believe blockchain will enable new economic and creative opportunities for gamers around the world, and have assembled a world-class team of veterans from across the games industry\u2014and a $100M developer fund\u2014to help make it happen.  The Forte platform offers an unprecedented set of easy-to-use tools and services for game developers to integrate blockchain technology into their games, and support thriving community-focused economies. To help ensure the games community at large will benefit from it for years to come, we\u2019re committed to progressively decentralizing our platform so it is free, open, and community-owned. And finally, we\u2019ve designed our platform with versatility, flexibility, and interoperability in mind. This allows developers and players to reap the benefits of breakthrough community economics in games that are played, operated, and loved today, while also providing the foundation for the groundbreaking experiences of tomorrow.  Game Platform A comprehensive set of technologies, tools, and services that erase the barriers to entry typically associated with blockchain technology\u2014for both developers and players.  Developer Fund Our equity-free grant fund for game creators is designed to accelerate the adoption of blockchain technology, and more quickly bring its benefits to the masses.  Advocacy and Education We\u2019re taking an active role in the community to help others better understand blockchain technology, its use in games, and the positive impact it can have on the industry at large.  Partners Over a dozen of the world\u2019s finest game developers are already building on the Forte platform, with more on the way. We\u2019ll be announcing more developer partners and their games in the coming weeks. The Forte Newsletter Subscribe for the latest platform news, game announcements, and more. Your Email Address What\u2019s New at Forte The latest on Forte\u2019s platform, developer partners, and more. PayID: An Open Payment Standard for All ForteJune 18, 2020 We created the Forte platform to empower game developers in creating more equitable and sustainable business models. Their player communities will benefit from the platform,\u2026 Continue Reading PayID: An Open Payment Standard for All Our Next Five Partners ForteMarch 24, 2020 \u201cWhat does a blockchain game look like?\u201d  This is a question we often hear from a wide spectrum of people including players, developers, business people,\u2026 Continue Reading Our Next Five Partners Kongregate ForteDecember 19, 2019 Games have an incredible ability to move us: we feel ecstatic when finally topping a long-standing high score; we feel triumphant when finally beating a boss battle that\u2026 Continue Reading Kongregate Forte Joins the Blockchain Association ForteNovember 26, 2019 When the video games industry was still in its infancy, games were primarily used as a form of entertainment. Today, games are entrenched in virtually\u2026 Continue Reading Forte Joins the Blockchain Association LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Forte Labs Inc © 2020",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- forte"
}