{
    "Body": "API Services Blog About Jobs Contact API Services Blog About Jobs Contact Learn More Fully customizable API service providing access to historical and real-time streaming data feeds. API service built using Lightning Network Technology New Learn More API service for the National Football League (NFL) and National Basketball Association (NBA) allowing complete developer customization to query by games, players, teams or statistics going back to 2009. NFL & NBA APIs New Learn More Crypto Exchange API service with growing coverage of major exchanges and trading pairs empowering developers to customize queries for cryptocurrency market data for tickers, trades and order books. Crypto Exchange API New As seen on \u201cWe are pushing the idea that Lightning has a multitude of benefits when integrated into an exchange\u2019s infrastructure that isn\u2019t just related to withdrawals and deposits.\u201d \u2013 Chris Stewart Founder/CEO APIs Access to real time and historical information about cryptocurrency, NFL, and NBA over the Lightning Network Bitcoin-S Scala Implementation of the Bitcoin Protocol Custom Solutions We offer custom solutions and consulting to help get you and your business started in Crypto and Lightning technology. Connect with our Lightning Node at the url below 038[email????????????protected]ln.suredbits.com Why Lightning Network? Lightning takes the benefits of Bitcoin - security, privacy, transparency, low fees - and makes them a reality. Lightning enables developers to use and pay only for the data they want by using micro-payments all while having no sign-up process. Lightning lets you stream data in seconds and start building your application. Customized data feeds Query for the exact data you want in any amount you wish. Micropayments Our services are priced at a micro level. ????????????No monthly or annual contracts. You pay only for the data you want to use and nothing more. Privacy There is no account creation. ????????????We collect no user information. ????????????No credit cards. Your privacy is respected. Automatic Refunds If you choose to end your subscription, refunds of remaining time happen automatically. Easy to Experiment Since you aren\u2019t locked in to any kind of monthly contract, you can quickly and easily experiment. Security Lightning is Bitcoin and enjoys the same security and decentralization so you know your cryptocurrency payments are secure. What We Do We sell real-time data for bitcoin, utilizing micropayments not possible with traditional financial systems. Legacy data sources require substantial upfront capital costs that individuals cannot afford. By democratizing access to this data, we enable entrepreneurs to focus on building innovative products. Our Team Chris Stewart Engineer/Founder/CEO Chris has been involved in the cryptocurrency industry since 2013.???????????? He founded Suredbits in 2015 and was a member of Boost VC\u2019s first crypto accelerator cohort.???????????? Chris has integrated bitcoin-s into some of the top cryptocurrency exchanges in the world. In his free time he contributes to bitcoin core, the backbone of the bitcoin network. Chris is also one of the earliest adopters and champions of the Lightning Network. Chris holds degrees in Computer Science and Mathematics from the University of Iowa. Dan Smith Product and Operations Having caught the crypto bug in 2016, Dan formally joined Suredbits in 2018. He has been involved in tech startups since 2011 with experience in education, data analytics, consumer finance and gaming.???????????? He is a Lean and Agile champion. Dan is also familiar with corporate and enterprise strategy. Additionally, Dan had a previous career in public policy and regulatory frameworks having worked at federal, state and local levels.???????????? Dan holds a J.D. and M.B.A. from the University of Iowa. Nadav Kohen Software Engineer Nadav joined the Suredbits team in 2018.???????????? Nadav worked at Google previously and when he isn\u2019t building the next generation of monetized data feeds, he crusades against fake math.???????????? Nadav holds degrees in Computer Science and Mathematics from the University of Iowa. Roman Taranchenko Software Engineer Roman joined the Suredbits team in 2019.???????????? He is a senior software engineer with deep experience building high performing APIs, data structures and services and possesses extensive knowledge of Scala.???????????? He is a veteran of multiple startups. Roman has contributed to the Eclair Lightning implementation by ACINQ and now tackles some of the most difficult challenges at Suredbits in building monetized data feeds.???????????? Ben Carman Software Engineer Ben joined the Suredbits team in 2019.???????????? Ben has been involved in Bitcoin since 2017 contributing to a number of open source projects.???????????? He is passionate about building decentralized systems and working on Lightning. Ben graduated from Iowa State University with a degree in Computer Science. Our Investors Request More Information Please fill out the form below or you can email us directly at [email????????????protected]. Name* First Last Email* Service* Please Select OneAPIsBitcoin SCustom SolutionsOther Message* This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Terms of Service Your use of Suredbits\u2019 services is your acknowledgment that you have read and accepted our Terms of Service.???????????? The full Terms of Service can be found here. API Services Blog About Jobs Contact", 
    "CompanyName": "Lightning", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "suredbits", 
    "Hash": "D108DE984AAA3862C58D8B817155ACFB", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, gaming, data analytics, scala, frameworks, decentralized systems, financial, lightning network, exchanges, privacy, decentralized, cryptocurrency, backbone, software engineer, data structures, agile, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "University, Iowa, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://suredbits.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/suredbits-software-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- suredbits", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Home - Suredbits", 
    "Url": "https://suredbits.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
