{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://jobs.lever.co/fish/"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/stake-fish-social-media-specialist/",
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of stake",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "stakefish \u2013 Stake your cryptocurrencies with a reliable validator.",
    "Hash": "D373A0EF1CCE9A23465EB30C524284E4",
    "Url": "https://stake.fish/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "stake",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "This app works best with JavaScript enabled. NetworksNetworks Tezos Cosmos Polkadot Cardano Celo Kava Band Protocol Kusama IRIS Network The OAN Edgeware How It Works Team Contact Us English བོད་ཡིགTibetan CatalàCatalan DeutschGerman EnglishEnglish EspañolSpanish FrançaisFrench ItalianoItalian 한국어Korean עבריתHebrew РусскийRussian ไทยThai УкраїнськаUkrainian ئۇيغۇرچەUyghur Tiếng ViệtVietnamese 中文Chinese We know staking. About Us We are the leading staking service provider for blockchain projects. Join our community to help secure networks and earn rewards. We know staking. Networks We invest a lot of time and effort to set up robust validator nodes and put security measures around our nodes. On top of just the infrastructure, we eat our own lunch by having our own tokens staked on our validators. We spend a considerable amount of time doing our due diligence on each blockchain we decide to support. Stake with Us We operate validators on these projects. Token holders can stake with us to help secure these networks and earn staking rewards. Join the staking ecosystem today with stake.fish. Tezos Platform for smart contracts and decentralized applications Annual Reward Rate 6% \u2013 10% Stake Cosmos The internet of blockchains Annual Reward Rate 7% \u2013 20% Stake Polkadot Sharded protocol enabling blockchain networks to operate together Annual Reward Rate 0% \u2013 20% Stake Cardano Blockchain platform evolved out of a scientific philosophy Annual Reward Rate 3% - 12% Stake Celo A platform for fast, secure, stable digital payments Annual Reward Rate 0% \u2013 6% Stake Kava DeFi platform for crypto powered by Cosmos Annual Reward Rate 7% - 15% Stake Band Protocol Secure, scalable, blockchain-agnostic decentralized oracle Annual Reward Rate 7% \u2013 20% Stake Kusama Early, highly experimental version of Polkadot Annual Reward Rate 0% \u2013 20% Stake IRIS Network Service oriented regional hub in the Cosmos ecosystem Annual Reward Rate 7% \u2013 20% Stake The OAN A powerful platform for building decentralized applications Annual Reward Rate 2% - 30% Stake Edgeware Self-improving smart contract blockchain Annual Reward Rate 0% \u2013 20% Stake Networks We Help Secure We operate nodes for the following projects. Unfortunately, token holders cannot directly get involved with staking on these projects through stake.fish. However, be on the lookout, as some of these projects will support staking in the near future. Chainlink Decentralized oracle for smart contracts Node operator View Algorand Permissionless blockchain enabling a decentralized borderless economy Node operator View Storj Decentralized cloud storage Node operator View Centrifuge Chain Gateway for real-world assets Node operator View Future Networks We will be operating nodes for the projects listed below. We have only included the projects we are fully committed to, so please expect an announcement from us in the near future. Ethereum A decentralized smart contract platform Coming Soon Solana Fast, secure, and scalable blockchain network without sharding Coming Soon NEAR Protocol Sharded, developer-friendly, public Proof of Stake blockchain Coming Soon NuCypher Cryptographic infrastructure for privacy preserving applications Coming Soon Oasis Labs Privacy-first, high-performance cloud computing platform on blockchain Coming Soon Skale Elastic blockchain network for dApps Coming Soon Matic Enabling scalable and instant blockchain transactions Coming Soon Harmony Open consensus platform to power decentralized economies Coming Soon Elrond Scalable value transfer protocol Coming Soon Persistence The enterprise hub of Cosmos Coming Soon CasperLabs Decentralized blockchain and smart contracting platform powered by CBC Proof of Stake Coming Soon Audius Streaming platform built for all musicians Coming Soon How It Works Proof of Stake blockchains have validators who create, propose, or vote on blocks to be added to the blockchain. These validators are required to run robust hardware that is online 24/7 with multiple security features in place. This is a lot of work, and that\u2019s where we come in. We are a professional validator that never sleeps so you can stake with peace of mind. Always Distributed Not only are our validator nodes and sentry nodes globally distributed, our team is as well! This guarantees that we have 24 hour coverage of our validator nodes. We can monitor and jump to address any issues that arise. We plan to keep our team in different locations of the world, so rest assured that someone from stake.fish will always be watching over our nodes. Always Devoted We have deep roots in the crypto space. Our founder has co-founded one of the world's largest mining pools. We, as stake.fish, are here to make similar contributions to Proof of Stake blockchains. We invest time and effort to help secure blockchains that we believe will be used decades down the road. Always Secure We don\u2019t compromise on security. We would rather take a conservative approach in our infrastructure than strive for efficiency. Our infrastructure lead, Kris, has been working on systems architecture and infrastructure security for 18 years. He uses industry best practices for our operations. Videos Videos are a great way to learn about blockchains. Stay tuned as we upload educational videos here. Feel free to reach out to us with any suggestions for our next video! Previous Next How to Stake ATOMs with Cosmostation How to Stake ATOMs with Wetez Team We come from various industries and have rich expertise in each of our fields. We also have diverse cultural and national backgrounds. Our diversity is our biggest strength, as it provides us with different perspectives on the PoS ecosystem. We will continue hiring diverse team members with strong skill sets. Chun Wang Chief Executive Officer Jun Soo (JK) Kim Strategy & Operations Dasom Song Marketing Lead Julia Mochalova Front-End Developer Cristian (Kris) Lucera Head of Infrastructure Maayan Kim HR Manager Katanna Lee McRae Illustrator Andrea Di Michele Full-Stack Developer Diana Kim General Administrator This could be you. Join us! Nearest Recruiting Station Contact Us If you have any questions about staking or our validator services, please do not hesitate to reach out to us. We are happy to talk with anyone and help navigate community members through this exciting new ecosystem.Get in Touch Subscribe and never miss an update! Subscribe © 2018 \u2013 2020 stakefish",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- stake"
}