{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.nervos.org/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/nervos-network-business-development-associate/",
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of work",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Home | Nervos Network",
    "Hash": "D7164F016B99483DAAF4092D973CBD0A",
    "Url": "https://www.nervos.org/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "nervos",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Navigation Project 2020 Roadmap White Papers & RFCs Common Knowledge Base Nervos Network Team Resources Wallet CKB Node Nervos DAO Block Explorer Developers Documentation Grants Program CK Labs Bug Bounty Github RFCs Community Discord Nervos Talk Forum Twitter Telegram Blog Join Us Project 2020 Roadmap White Papers & RFCs Common Knowledge Base Nervos Network Team Resources Wallet CKB Node Nervos DAO Block Explorer Developers Documentation Grants Program CK Labs Bug Bounty Github RFCs Community Discord Nervos Talk Forum Twitter Telegram Blog Join Us The Multi-asset, Store of Value Blockchain Bitcoin is the most secure and trusted \u2018store of value\u2019 blockchain in the world today. However, Bitcoin can only securely store its own native token (BTC), faces future challenges and was not designed for future scaling solutions. Ethereum is the most used token and smart contract platform. But value created on the network is not captured by ETH\u2019s token price and its \"pay once, store forever\" model means a bloated,  un-sustainable chain with ETH holders paying the price. Bitcoin is the most secure and trusted \u2018store of value\u2019 blockchain in the world today. However, Bitcoin can only securely store its own native token (BTC), faces future challenges and was not designed for future scaling solutions. Ethereum is the most used token and smart contract platform. But value created on the network is not captured by ETH\u2019s token price and its \"pay once, store forever\" model means a bloated, un-sustainable chain with ETH holders paying the price. The Nervos Network is an open source public blockchain ecosystem and collection of protocols solving the biggest challenges facing blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum today. The Nervos CKB (Common Knowledge Base) is the layer 1, proof of work public blockchain protocol of the Nervos Network. It allows any crypto-asset to be stored with the security, immutability and permissionless nature of Bitcoin while enabling smart contracts, layer 2 scaling and captures the total network value through its \"store of value\" crypto-economic design and native token, the CKByte. The Nervos Network is a public blockchain ecosystem and collection of protocols solving the biggest challenges facing blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum today. The Nervos CKB (Common Knowledge Base) is the layer 1, proof of work public blockchain protocol of the Nervos Network. It allows any crypto-asset to be stored with the security, immutability and permissionless nature of Bitcoin while enabling smart contracts, layer 2 scaling and captures the total network value through its \"store of value\" crypto-economic design and native token, the CKByte. Nervos CKB is the only PoW multi-asset & store of value general purpose blockchain for the new crypto-economy. Check out our Positioning Paper, Crypto-economic Paper and Nervos CKB whitepaper The Nervos CKB (Common Knowledge Base) Bitcoin is a peer to peer payment network and decentralized store of monetary value. The Common Knowledge Base (CKB) inherits the best parts of Bitcoin and generalizes them to support storage of unlimited crypto-assets beyond electronic cash, and transactions beyond payments. The Nervos CKB is the fundamental Layer 1 Proof of Work blockchain which creates the foundation for all layer 2 protocols, integrations and scaling solutions for the Nervos Network. Learn more about the Common Knowledge Base. The Nervos CKB (Common Knowledge Base) Bitcoin is a peer to peer payment network and decentralized store of monetary value. The Common Knowledge Base (CKB) inherits the best parts of Bitcoin and generalizes them to support storage of unlimited crypto-assets beyond electronic cash, and transactions beyond payments. The Nervos CKB is the fundamental Layer 1 Proof of Work blockchain which creates the foundation for all layer 2 protocols, integrations and scaling solutions for the Nervos Network. Learn more about the Common Knowledge Base. A Sustainable Multi-asset and Store of Value Blockchain Maximally secure, permissionless and censorship-resistant Solves the biggest challenges facing blockchains today A layer 1, specifically built for layer 2 scaling solutions Native token CKByte aligns the interests of all network users Built for developers and native smart contract capabilities The Nervos CKByte The CKByte (Common Knowledge Byte) is the native token of the Nervos CKB. The CKbyte represents ownership of the Common Knowledge Base blockchain and is designed to be used as a store of value and for resource management. Equivalent to owning land, with the CKByte you can use it to store assets, smart contracts and other types of \u201ccommon knowledge\u201d or rent out your space. The CKbyte scales with value creation through other tokens, assets, data and smart contracts deployed on the network. As the Nervos network grows, it is expected that the demand for the CKByte token will grow as well. It is this innovative crypto-economic design that aligns network participants, and enhances the network\u2019s \"store of asset\" properties. The Nervos DAO is an inflation shelter from secondary issuance used to manage state storage and provide sustainable incentives for miners. Store of Value users can lock their tokens in the Nervos DAO and receive a proportional share of this inflation. In this way your tokens are never diluted beyond a fixed cap. The Nervos Network The Nervos Network represents the entire ecosystem of Nervos and is a collection of protocols, layer 2's and public blockchains underpinned by the Nervos CKB and CKByte token. A core design principle at Nervos is that layer 2 solutions such as side-chains, plasma chains and state channels are the best way to scale a blockchain system. Rather than compromising the decentralization and security of the base layer through largely untested and novel consensus mechanisms in order to achieve high performance and TPS, we utilize layer 2 solutions that bring nearly unlimited transaction capabilities and minimal transaction cost to a layer 1 blockchain that's designed to be secure, permissionless and decentralized. This in our opinion is the only way to solve the scalability trilemma. Alongside several deployments currently being worked on by the Nervos team - enterprises, developers and users are welcome and encouraged to utilize the CKB to deploy layer 2 solutions, dapps, protocols and blockchains. Learn more about the Nervos Network. Unlimited Scalability and applications Efficiency & scale while retaining security Free Transactions at Lightning-speed Flexibility for novel blockchain applications If you're an awesome project or developer and interested in building on the Nervos Network, please get in touch! Or head over to our Github to check out our awesome code. The Multi-asset, Store of Value Blockchain Sign up for our newsletter and announcements and Join the community channels Developer Resources GitHub Developer Docs Forum Community Join Us Meetups Request for Comment (RFC) About Jobs Dev and Business Contact Terms, Conditions & Privacy © Nervos is a project of the Nervos Foundation. All Rights Reserved.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- nervos"
}