{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://voatz.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/voatz-customer-success-engineer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Voatz",
    "Hash": "D9020A2D12C1EDA2B460C790F63EA95E",
    "Url": "https://voatz.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "voatz",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Toggle navigation Security Blog FAQ Accessibility Jobs Contact Accessible voting at your fingertips. Use your smartphone to vote remotely and anonymously, and verify that your vote was counted correctly. Contact your local election supervisor to request a mobile voting option for your upcoming elections. A Leader in Mobile Voting \"The mobile voting registration was very easy to maneuver, and the ID verification process gave me confidence that the process was secure. When the ballot was available, I clicked through the candidates, hit \u2018Vote,\u2019 then used the thumb print Touch ID on my phone to verify who I was. That was it. Pretty slick!\" - Overseas Citizen Voter \"Our military personnel fight every day across the globe to protect our way of life. Whether a soldier is without mail in the mountains of Afghanistan, or a sailor is in a submarine under the polar icecap, they deserve the opportunity to participate easily in our democracy. We owe it to them to make the process as easy as possible.\" - Secretary of State, West Virginia \u201cWorking with Voatz has streamlined our registration and voting processes. We\u2019ve dramatically reduced our wait times during credentialing and our members report higher satisfaction with the way ballots are cast.\u201d - Director of Party Affairs, Michigan Democratic Party \u201cJust some feedback - this is brilliant!! Thank you for this application. I voted for my residential district in the US from Warsaw, Poland where I'm currently working. Thank you!! This was a wonderful experience from validation to actual voting. Kudos to the County for choosing you as a provider. I'll let them know as well.\u201d - Overseas Citizen Voter \"I\u2019ve been living in Japan for 17 years and I\u2019ve missed a lot of stuff stateside. This system gives me an opportunity to engage again with so much ease. Thank you for your help, I just voted successfully!\" - Deployed Military Voter \"We appreciated all the assistance provided by the Voatz team and were happy to participate in this pilot project. In this age of uncertainty about the security of voting, we hope this new technology proves successful to provide secure and convenient voting for US citizens abroad.\" - Overseas Citizen Voter Are you an election administrator interested in trying out Voatz at your next federal, state or local election? Contact Us News November 2019: Voatz Collaborates with WGBH's National Center for Accessible Media to Make Voting Accessible to Voters with Disabilities and Citizens Residing Overseas. Read More October 2019: Utah County Expands Mobile Voting to Include Voters With Disabilities for the 2019 General Elections. Read More October 2019: Jackson County and Umatilla County in Oregon become the latest jurisdictions to announce a mobile voting pilot for deployed military and overseas voters for the 2019 General Elections. Read More July 2019: Utah County, UT announces a mobile voting pilot for deployed military voters and overseas citizens for its 2019 Municipal Elections. Read More June 2019: Voatz Raises $7 Million Series A Led by Medici Ventures and Techstars. Read More March 2019: City and County of Denver, CO announces a mobile voting pilot for UOCAVA voters for its 2019 Municipal Elections. Read More September 2018: West Virginia announces the expansion of its mobile voting pilot for UOCAVA voters to 24 counties for the 2018 Midterm General Elections. Read More March 2018: West Virginia announces a mobile voting pilot for UOCAVA voters in 2 counties for the 2018 Primary Elections. Read More January 2018: Voatz (Techstars'17, MassChallenge'17) announces the closing of its seed round of financing. Read More November 2017: Voatz wins the 50k Gold Award at MassChallenge Boston 2017. Read More February 2017: Voatz partners with Clear Ballot to accelerate deployment of Remote Voting. Read More January 2017: Voatz is selected for the Techstars Boston 2017 Program. Read More Contact Us Send Message Curious to learn about the end-to-end audit capabilites available in the Voatz system? Read More About FAQ Accessibility Jobs Contact Blog T-Shirts © 2020 All Rights Reserved, Voatz, Inc.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- voatz"
}