{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.coinbase.com/careers",
        "https://www.coinbase.com/careers/2135654/apply",
        "https://www.coinbase.com/careers/positions",
        "https://www.coinbase.com/careers/positions/2135654"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/coinbase-chief-of-staff-to-the-chief-product-officer/",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Chief of Staff to the Chief Product Officer, San Francisco or Remote - Coinbase",
    "Hash": "DBD04AEC4C603A0E9E95A04F6E6A8ACA",
    "Url": "https://www.coinbase.com/careers/positions/2135654?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "coinbase",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Prices Products Company Earn crypto Get $161+ Sign inGet started Chief of Staff to the Chief Product Officer Back to All Jobs Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. What you\u2019ll be doing (ie. job duties): Be an advisor and thought partner to the Chief Product Officer, and be able to stand-in during meetings, take key decisions and speak on behalf of the CPO. Help the product team towards clear and efficient decision-making. Support the CPO in setting and communicating overall product strategy across Coinbase\u2019s product portfolio. Support the CPO in setting overall communication strategy, planning of internal events and help align internal communications. Ensure strategy cascades to the broader organization. Act as an extension of product leadership, representing the team in cross-functional meetings and in open forums. Run the \u201crhythm of the business,\u201d establishing the operating rhythm of the team and helping to facilitate its execution wherever possible. Organize and coordinate intra-team projects and action items - figure out which fires are burning, prioritize them quickly, and figure out which to put out first! Identify and resolve issues gaps with actionable, data-guided recommendations. Create systems and processes that will avoid such problems in the future. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): BA/BS degree in a related field (e.g., Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Economics or Finance) or equivalent practical experience. MBA or Master's degree in a management, technical or engineering field preferred. 5+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, or equivalent strategy/project management experience in a line role for a technology firm. Experience in structuring and executing complex analyses to support strategy in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Knowledge of product organizations. A bias to action and a mentality that no job is too big or too small to be done the right way. Excellent analytic, strategic thinking, organizational planning, and execution skills. Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across product, engineering, business operations, finance, legal etc.   Exceptional  verbal, presentation, listening and written communication skills. Ability to think strategically from first principles while managing with a sense of urgency through ambiguities. Ability to drive processes through  internal stakeholders. Excellent program/project management skills with ability to drive complex strategic and operational initiatives. Passion for cryptocurrency, financial markets, and the Coinbase mission Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.  Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California.  By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Benefits at Coinbase Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents HSA plan with company seed Disability and Life Insurance 401(k) plan with company match $260 monthly Commuter Benefit Monthly Gym Benefit Volunteer Time Off Fertility Counseling and Benefits Learning and Development stipend 18 weeks paid Parental Leave Meals and Snacks provided onsite The option of getting paid in digital currency 7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days Learn more about our mission Commitment Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations@coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here). Please contact accommodations@coinbase.com for additional information or to request accommodations. E-Verify Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Earn up to $161 worth of crypto Discover how specific cryptocurrencies work \u2014 and get a bit of each crypto to try out for yourself.Start earning © 2020 Coinbase ProductsCoinbaseCommerceCustodyEarnProUSD CoinWalletVentures LearnWhat is Crypto?What is Bitcoin?What is Blockchain?Buy BitcoinBuy Bitcoin CashBuy EthereumBuy LitecoinBuy XRPSupported countriesStatusTaxes CompanyAboutAffiliatesCareersPartnersPressLegal & PrivacyCookie PolicySupport SocialBlogTwitterFacebook",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- coinbase"
}