{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.sec.gov/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.sec.gov/careers"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/u-s-securities-exchange-commission-digital-asset-expert/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "SEC.gov | HOME",
    "Hash": "DD3D04E379727CD63BEE74EFF77BDC48",
    "Url": "https://www.sec.gov/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "sec",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Skip to main content Search SEC.gov Company FilingsMore Search Options U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission q About What We Do Commissioners Securities Laws Reports and Publications Careers Contact Divisions & Offices Corporation Finance Enforcement Investment Management Economic and Risk Analysis Trading and Markets Office of Administrative Law Judges Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations Regional Offices All Divisions and Offices Enforcement Litigation Releases Administrative Proceedings Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders Accounting and Auditing Trading Suspensions How Investigations Work Receiverships Information for Harmed Investors Regulation Rulemaking Index Proposed Rules Final Rules Interim Final Temporary Rules Other Orders and Notices Self-Regulatory Organizations Staff Interpretations Education Investor.gov Five Questions to Ask Before You Invest About Investment Professionals Check Your Investment Professional Investing Tools and Calculators Investment Products Understanding Fees Investor Alerts and Bulletins Glossary Filings EDGAR \u2013 Search & Access EDGAR \u2013 Information for Filers Company Filing Search How to Search EDGAR Requesting Public Documents Forms List About EDGAR News Press Releases Public Statements Speeches Testimony Spotlight Topics What's New Upcoming Events Webcasts SEC in the News SEC Videos Media Gallery User account menu Log in SEC Response to COVID-19 See this quick reference guide for investors and market participants and an overview of selected SEC response efforts to COVID-19. FOCUSING ON MAIN STREET The SEC\u2019s focus on Main Street investors reflects the fact that American households own $29 trillion worth of equities \u2014 more than 58 percent of the U.S. equity market \u2014 either directly or indirectly through mutual funds, retirement accounts and other investments. We Inform and Protect Investors We Facilitate Capital Formation We Enforce Federal Securities Laws We Regulate Securities Markets We Provide Data EDGAR Search company and individual filings. Company Name Search c Ticker or CIK Search c SEC Stories Public and Private Sector Experts Collaborate at Annual Forum Check out the event highlights, including spotlight discussions featuring women-owned, minority-owned, rural and other small businesses and investors, as well as keynote addresses from well-known leaders in the entrepreneurial community. SEC Celebrates Pride Month The SEC\u2019s LGBT Committee and Office of Minority and Women Inclusion organized several virtual events for agency staff to learn about the positive impact of diversity and inclusion in the workplace. More SEC Stories Featured Video Get the Full Report The SEC\u2019s Office of Investor Education and Advocacy's new public service campaign encourages investors to use the free tools and unbiased information on Investor.gov to check the background of an investment professional and to learn more about investing wise Spotlight On Regulation Best Interest, Form CRS and Related Interpretations The SEC adopted a package of new rules designed to enhance the quality and transparency of retail investors\u2019 relationships with investment advisers and broker-dealers. These include new Regulation Best Interest, the new Form CRS Relationship Summary, and two separate interpretations under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. More Spotlight Topics Latest News SEC Proposes Amendments to Update Form 13F for Institutional Investment Managers; Amend Reporting Threshold to Reflect Today\u2019s Equities Markets July 10, 2020 SEC Issues Agenda for July 16 Special Meeting of the Asset Management Advisory Committee July 8, 2020 SEC Adopts Amendments to Exemptive Applications Procedures July 6, 2020 SEC Charges Alexion Pharmaceuticals With FCPA Violations July 2, 2020 SEC Announces Agenda, Panelists for Staff Roundtable on Emerging Markets July 1, 2020 More News b Submit a Tip or File a Complaint E-mail Updates Sign up for emails that will deliver SEC News direct to your inbox. E-mail Updates We Inform and Protect Investors Protect Your Money! Check out an investment professional's registration status and background at Investor.gov. Check Your Investment Professional Learn more Advance Fee Fraud Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) Form 10-K Variable Annuities Before you invest, Investor.gov Investor Alerts & Bulletins The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy issues Investor Alerts & Bulletins as a service to investors. Investor Alerts typically warn investors about the latest investment frauds and scams. Investor Bulletins tend to educate investors about investment-related topics including the functions of the SEC. COVID-19 Related Early Withdrawals from Retirement Accounts\u2014Be Careful of Fraudsters and other Bad Actors Targeting Your Retirement Savings June 3, 2020 Frauds Targeting Main Street Investors -- Investor Alert April 10, 2020 Investor Bulletin: Please Consider Adding a Trusted Contact to Your Account March 4, 2020 More Investor Alerts & Bulletins Ombudsman The Ombudsman will listen to your inquiries, complaints, and issues, review the information you provide, and help identify procedures, options, and resources. The Ombudsman is also available to clarify certain SEC decisions, policies, and practices, and serve as an alternate channel of communication between retail investors and the SEC. We Facilitate Capital Formation FinHub The SEC\u2019s FinHub facilitates our active engagement with innovators, developers, and entrepreneurs of financial technology. Small Business Check out our new Small Biz site, with info to help companies that want to raise capital. Remarks at the 38th Government-Business Forum on Small Business Capital Formation Chairman Jay Clayton\u2019s remarks at the event, held in Omaha, Nebraska, highlighted small businesses raising capital. Crowdfunding Offerings Data Sets The SEC\u2019s Crowdfunding Offerings Data Sets provide a quarterly look at offerings that rely on the Regulation Crowdfunding We Enforce Federal Securities Laws a Cyber Enforcement Actions o Administrative Proceeding Documents Office of the Whistleblower Submit a tip, learn about the program, or claim an award. Latest Federal Court Actions Litigation Releases Benjamin Alderson, et al.Jul 10, 2020 Luke C. Zouvas et al.Jul 7, 2020 Smith, et al.Jul 7, 2020 Sims, et alJul 6, 2020 Zvi Feiner, et al.Jul 6, 2020 More Litigation Releases Latest Administrative Proceedings Administrative Releases Wilmington Trust CorporationJul 10, 2020 Sky Resort International Limited and Median Group, Inc. (f/k/a China Media Group Corporation)Jul 10, 2020 Trans-Pacific Aerospace Company and Inc. and Vertical Computer Systems, Inc.Jul 10, 2020 Benjamin AldersonJul 9, 2020 EliteSoft Global Inc. and Capital Access Point 1, Inc.Jul 9, 2020 More Administrative Releases We Regulate Securities Markets Tell us about your experience Making Wall Street work for Main Street means getting your input. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission wants to hear from you! We want your input on proposed rules and want to know what information is important to you, the investor.  Credit Rating Agencies = SEC Proposed Rules h View Final Rules We Provide Data Developer Resources Check out updates on the SEC open data program, including best practices that make it more efficient to download data. View Developer Resources Money Market Fund Statistics Our Investment Management Analytics Office released an updated Money Market Fund Statistics report. The report reflects staff\u2019s compilation and analysis of data reported to the Commission on Form N-MFP. Latest Data Sets Company Information About Active Broker-Dealers This text file contains the Central Index Key (CIK) numbers, company names, SEC reporting file numbers, and addresses (business addresses are provided when mailing addresses are not available) of active broker-dealers who are registered with the SEC. Updated July 2020 Information About Registered Investment Advisers and Exempt Reporting Advisers The Investment Adviser Information Reports' data is collected from electronic submissions of Form ADV by investment adviser firms to the Investment Adviser Registration Depository (IARD) system. Updated July 2020 More Data Sets Office of Structured Disclosure The SEC's Office of Structured Disclosure is working to make financial reports more accessible and easy to use. STAY CONNECTED 1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube 5 Flickr 6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates Footer menu Accessibility Budget & Performance Careers Contact Contracts Data FOIA Inspector General Investor.gov No FEAR Act & EEO Data Ombudsman Plain Writing Privacy Related Sites Site Map USA.gov Votes Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Whistleblower Protection Return to Top",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- sec"
}