{
    "Body": "Digital Marketing Manager Tallinn, Estonia / Growth / Full-time Apply for this job Who are we We believe the world would be a fundamentally better place if everybody invested. We\u2019re on a mission to enable everyone to take part in the world\u2019s success by making investing simple, affordable and accessible. Change is quickly emerging as one of the leading investment apps in Europe. Cryptocurrencies will soon be accompanied by stocks and cash management putting us in a position to change the financial future of millions of people around the world.???????????? For the past 2 years we have been focused on building the core value for our users, creating an outstanding product and killer team. Exponential organic growth - we\u2019re doubling our core KPI-s monthly - shows we have succeeded and now it\u2019s time to take out the big guns. We are looking for you to aggressively scale. You will be responsible for all digital marketing activities across 28 European countries. We\u2019re looking for a pioneer in mobile digital and growth marketing, a true quant and analytical mastermind with a proven knack of finding scalable solutions. Our Marketing Team More accurate would be Our Future Marketing Team - you will be one of the people to build it. You\u2019re the second person in the team and the best of t he best in digital marketing, so you tell us what kind of a team you need to build. We believe in autonomous cross-functional teams as a hint for what the future will look like. What will you do: You will be responsible for developing and executing the digital strategy across all areas including but not limited top paid advertising (mainly Twitter, Google, FB), social media, content, email, affiliate, referral, SEO and ASO; Plan and manage full-cycle execution of campaigns. You are supported by inhouse product, design, engineering, legal teams and can choose any external partners you need; Find scalable channels and own user acquisition through website and App Store/Google Play; Manage a considerable digital marketing budget. Bring industry leading cost per lead and cost per depositor results while maintaining exponential WoW growth; Optimising for best spent meaning constant experimentation, A/B testing and improvement based on learnings across creatives, channels, and objectives; Ensuring proper tracking, attribution, automation as well as performance analysis and reporting; Share CRO with the product team. Long funnel to purchase (deposit) usual to FinTech creates lots of MoFu and BoFu growth opportunities; What we\u2019re looking for: Skillset covering all digital marketing areas listed above; Success in delivering hyper growth at a B2C tech company, at least 20% MoM over a one year period, with industry leading acquisition cost; Experience with a mobile product is a must, FinTech highly preferred; Deep knowledge of mobile digital marketing particularities, analytics, tools, ASO etc; Ability to execute digital campaigns end to end without performance agencies. The more you can do independently the better but you do have internal and external resources for tech, design, creative, copy, content and more; Strong analytical skills and data driven mindset to translate insights into actionable plans and ruthlessly prioritise for highest impact; Experience working across functions and managing diverse stakeholders. You can speak anyone\u2019s language from engineers to legal and supervisory board; Getting things done mindset. You can ensure that all initiatives move at max speed at all times; Basic web development and design skills are nice to have. What we offer: Stock package, competitive salary, health insurance, pension fund; Opportunity to build the whole department; An ambitious team of 14 nationalities; Awesome office in Tallinn financial district; Global relocation and visa sponsorship; Journey to a billion-dollar company. Sounds like you? Apply now and Change the world with us. Apply for this job Change Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "App", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "DF22D51B915043471076C113A71BEA4C", 
    "KeyTerms": "analytical, financial, advertising, full time, cryptocurrencies", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Estonia", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/getchange", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/getchange/003d5b10-8b06-4924-84c8-58da64eb7459/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/change-digital-marketing-manager/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrencies", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Change - Digital Marketing Manager", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/getchange/003d5b10-8b06-4924-84c8-58da64eb7459?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
