{
    "Body": "Earn About Blog FAQ Contact ONLINE WALLET GET APP BUY. SELL. SEND. SAVE. GET PAID. CASH OUT. Blockchain powered money transfers, payments and digital assets management EUR GBP THB EUC GBC USDC DAI Cross-border instant currency exchange Send and pick up money globally in minutes* Bank payment gateway to/from Crypto exchanges Earn interest and borrow instantly from DeFi Lending ONLY PAY FOR WHAT YOU SEE. NO TRANSFER OR REMITTANCE FEES. SIGNUP FOR THE WALLET How it works Secured by the Ethereum blockchain, and in partnerships with local service providers, Everex lets you send, receive, earn interest, and safely keep eMoney and digital assets in a secured digital wallet. Add Money Add EUC, USDC, DAI, EVX or GBC to the wallet with local bank or P2P transfer. Send Pay other people or make a transfer of eMoney across the world in one minute. Receive Get paid for your work or receive eMoney direct to your wallet P2P. Withdraw Cash out any eMoney in your local currency. We support EUR, GBP, THB. Cross-Border Currency Exchange and Transfers GBP <> EUR <> USDT<> EVX <> USDC <> DAI Discover How To Change GBP and Euro to Stablecoins. Money transfer services use an old system with outdated technology making you pay hidden withdrawal or transfer fees when you send money globally. Send money Receive money Send THB EUR MMK GBP USDC Fee: 1.0-1.5% only Transaction time: 2 hours Recipient gets THB EUR MMK GBP USDC Get started Withdraw cash without a bank account When you receive money you will get 2 reference codes in your wallet. Go to any ATM of Krungthai Bank and select the E-cheque option. Withdraw cash up to 20,000 THB at a time. Get started Convert fiat currency from your bank to eMoney in the wallet Send eMoney Peer-To-Peer globally Withdraw eMoney in foreign currency Access credit line with your balance at any time Use Everex wallet to send money and trade on cryptocurrency exchanges Cash or Bank Account eMoney EUC ???????????????????????? GBC Exchanges Trade On Exchanges With USDC and EVX Everex Provides Access To eMoney From Your Bank Account The World Crypto Markets At Your Fingertips From dollars in the bank to dollars on blockchain 1. Add Money to the wallet to receive USDC or EVX 2. Send USDC or EVX to the Exchange of Your Choice 3. Buy or sell cryptocurrencies or digital assets* From dollars on blockchain to dollars in the bank 1. You can sell crypto for USDC or EVX on the exchange of your choice 2. You can send USDC or EVX to Everex wallet 3. You can withdraw to your local bank account or via ATM Blockchain Powered Wallet for eMoney and Digital Assets Everex Wallet provides convenient and fast payment gateway between fiat and eMoney stored on Ethereum blockchain. With the recent wallet upgrade, the application now supports USDC, DAI and native Everex token, EVX. Everex wallet is the best application for: eMoney powered peer-to-peer money transfers Payment gateway for deposits and withdrawals Domestic payments with instant settlements Earning interest with DeFi lending protocols* Fiat to cryptocurrency payment gateway. Intelligent architecture makes private keys management intuitive and convenient for the end users and does not require sophisticated knowledge of crypto security. Basic Security Level allows users to operate without worrying of private key safekeeping, by using simple PIN code instead. Although such simplicity comes at price. The Basic level is limited to $1000 worth of combined worth of assets in market price and balance equivalents. The maximum total balance allowed to be kept in the wallet with highest security level is limited to the equivalent of $20,000 in eMoney and digital assets. Breaching Borders and Bridging Gaps Everex offers eMoney powered payment solutions, digital national currencies, money transfers and customer friendly ways to manage digital assets Permissionless No bank account or card required Simple Withdraw at ATMs Immediate Transfers settle in seconds Cost Effective Lowest fees in the industry Get the app Lake Rajada Office Complex, 10 fl, Bangkok, Thailand 10110 +66-2-126-7814 team@everex.io *Disclaimer: Nothing contained in the Site constitutes provision of financial, trading, investment, legal services, or tax advice. Neither the information or any opinion contained in this Site constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell cryptocurrencies, securities, futures, options or other financial instruments. Decisions based on the information contained on this site are the sole responsibility of the visitor. Please consult with your financial advisor and/or tax accountant. The materials in the Site are provided \u201cAS IS\u201d and without warranties of any kind (either express or implied). In relations to DeFi Lending Protocols, EVX Holdings, Pte, Ltd. does not (a) guarantee any rate of return or is responsible for any interest earned or interest paid; (b) mitigate any risk; (c) earn any fees; (d) hold responsibility for the funds sent to lending protocols. Note that funds can be lost due to instability of the Blockchain or a cyber attack, To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, any and all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are disclaimed. EVX HOLDINGS, Pte, Ltd. is a private company registered in Singapore (No.201627701H). EVX Holdings Company - ", 
    "CompanyName": "Everex", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "everex", 
    "Hash": "E17D38111B4D74C4F417BC54F76164B5", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, wallet, digital asset, financial, exchanges, defi, cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency, ethereum, cyber, peer to peer, protocols, private keys", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Buy, RU", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://everex.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/everex-fintech-accountant/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- everex", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Everex - Blockchain Powered Money Transfers", 
    "Url": "https://everex.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
