{
    "Body": "Participate Tetra Rewards Guardian voting Technology Overview Roadmap White papers Orbs Universe Overview Block explorer Forum Developers Blog About Orbs Team News & social Foundation Careers Industry insights Contact us ???????????? Subscribe for updates Menu The Hybrid Blockchain Public blockchain designed for the real world. Build apps that provide stronger guarantees to users. Launch a virtual chain Built for business value The practical blockchain solution. Predictable fees you can scale with. Isolation between apps. Smart contracts in any language. Developers Learn how communities collaborate on running decentralized apps together Join the Orbs open source community Find out more Enterprises Learn how public blockchain can make your business more competitive Become a partner and join the Orbs ecosystem Find out more Ready today, geared for tomorrow Proof-of-Concept Test risk-free to find out if the Orbs technology stack is right for your needs Launch Create a solution that drives real business value using a public blockchain stack Scale Scale to multiple virtual chains to run parallel applications with millions of transactions Learn more about Orbs\u2019 architecture Partners Partners Interested in building on Orbs? Get started Developer documentation The GARTNER COOL VENDOR badge is a trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc., and/or its affiliates, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner\u2019s Research & Advisory organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Latest news: IBM, Orbs, ConsenSys Work Together On Global Blockchain Settlement Platform For Telecoms The finalists for The Europas Awards for European tech startups is released SD Times Open-Source Project of the Week: Orbs Interview: Bringing Public Blockchains to the Business Sector Orbs project harnesses blockchain to foster collaboration Technology Overview Orbs Universe Developers White papers ???????????? Community Blog News Events Industry insights ???????????? About Team Foundation Contact us ???????????? ???????????? Copyright - Orbs - Terms Of Use - ", 
    "CompanyName": "Gartner", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "orbs", 
    "Hash": "E997330B4F9DAEDA44BA728643EAD33D", 
    "KeyTerms": "smart contract, collaboration, voting, decentralized", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://sdtimes.com/os/sd-times-open-source-project-of-the-week-orbs/", 
        "https://www.orbs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://www.orbs.com/careers/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/orbs-frontend-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- orbs", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Orbs Hybrid Blockchain: Empowering business through decentralization", 
    "Url": "https://www.orbs.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
