{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/bitgo/jobs/4739237002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/bitgo-trade-support-analyst/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Job Application for Trade Support Analyst at BitGo",
    "Hash": "EB14E9502117A3FC7848BB4B99F5AB35",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/bitgo/jobs/4739237002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "Unknown",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Apply Now Trade Support Analyst at BitGo (View all jobs) Palo Alto , San Francisco, Austin, New York, Remote BitGo is the market leader in institutional-grade cryptocurrency investment services providing security, compliance, and custodial solutions for blockchain-based currencies. BitGo is the world's largest processor of on-chain bitcoin transactions, processing 20% of all global Bitcoin transactions, and $15 billion per month across all cryptocurrencies. The company has over $2 billion in assets in wallet, and a customer base that includes the world's largest cryptocurrency exchanges and spans more than 50 countries. In 2018, it launched BitGo Trust Company, the first qualified custodian purpose-built for storing digital assets. BitGo is backed by Craft Ventures, DRW, Galaxy Digital Ventures, Goldman Sachs, Redpoint Ventures, and Valor Equity Partners. ???????????? Trade Support Analyst The Trade Support Analyst is responsible for first line support for trading, settlement, and lending clients, and for internal client service and operations. The person in this new role will report to the Prime Business Manager, work closely with all members of the Prime business and operations, and collaborate with the global BitGo team. Responsibilities: Responsible for managing and supporting the platform and service for trading, lending, settlement, and risk management. Identify, communicate, and manage the resolution of issues related to availability, internal management and administration, and client-facing on-boarding and use. Recognize software bugs and usability issues, document in JIRA, assist with prioritization, and verify and accept. Assist with permissioning and use of internal tools by operations and client service. Monitor and analyze application logs to identify and report usage, downtime, performance, and other metrics. Assist client service and account management with client on-boarding and training. Create and maintain internal documentation, and review client-facing documentation. Communicate clearly, set expectations, follow up proactively.???????????? Work collaboratively with colleagues. Successful candidates bring an ownership mentality and are self-starters. Skills & Experience:???????????? We are looking for teammates who share and practice our values: open communication, transparency, taking ownership, and high level of craftsmanship. We are looking for coworkers who share our vision and mission: deliver trust in digital assets.???????????? Previous experience supporting a front or middle office financial environment, including prop trading, clearing and settlement, prime brokerage, etc.???????????? FX- and/or crypto-specific support experience is nice to have. Basic understanding of front-to-back trade flows and settlement lifecycle.???????????? Strong technical skills, attention to detail, and ability to multitask. Comfortable using the UNIX command line. Able to coordinate demands of remote stakeholders and counter parties. Excellent communication skills; well-written. Previous experience using JIRA and/or Fresh Desk.???????????? Why Join BitGo? Disrupting an industry takes vision, innovation, passion, technical chops, drive to deliver, collaboration, and execution. Join a team of great people who strive for excellence and personify our corporate values of ownership, craftsmanship, and open communication. We are looking for new colleagues who bring innovative ways of thinking and problem solving, and who want risks to be part of the team that changes the world\u2019s financial markets. Here are some of the benefits of working at BitGo: Competitive base salary, bonus and stock options 100% company paid????????????health insurance for employee, partner and dependents Up to 5% 401k company match Paid parental leave, Paid vacation Free commuter/parking pass; 5 min from Caltrain Free custom lunches, dinners and snacks???????????? Computer equipment and workplace furniture to suit your needs Great colleagues and inspiring startup environment Benefits may vary based on location.???????????? Cryptocurrencies are the most disruptive change the financial services industry has seen in years. Join us and you\u2019ll be able to look back and say you were part of the team that transformed investing. ???????????? ???????????? Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Location (City) * Resume/CV * Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here ???????????????????????? Attach Paste \n Preferred work location ????????????* ????????????????????????Palo Alto ????????????????????????San Francisco ????????????????????????Austin ????????????????????????New York ????????????????????????Remote-US ????????????????????????Remote-NonUS Are you eligible to work in United States without visa sponsorship now and in the future?????????????* -- Yes No What is your involvement, experience or interest in cryptocurrencies and blockchain?????????????* \n Career Goals????????????* ????????????????????????Learn new skills as individual contributor; become a more seasoned expert ????????????????????????Learn mentorship skills and guide less experienced coworkers ????????????????????????Become a Technical Lead within the next 1-3 years ????????????????????????Become a people manager within the next 1-3 years ????????????????????????Other aspirations ????????????????????????N/A How did you hear about this job?????????????* Your LinkedIn profile URL U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at BitGo are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. How do I know if I have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by???????????? Read our Privacy Policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- greenhouse",
    "KeyTerms": "trading, risk management, wallet, digital asset, custodial, financial, exchanges, privacy, remote, cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency, disruptive, compliance, collaboration, startup, bitcoin, jira",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "CompanyName": "BitGo",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found",
    "Startup": "True"
}
