{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://brave.com/careers/"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/brave-security-and-cryptography-engineer/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Secure, Fast & Private Web Browser with Adblocker | Brave Browser",
    "Hash": "EC21EA1BFEE291E8AAE5F840000F6297",
    "Url": "https://brave.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "brave",
    "Language": "Estonian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Browser Features Brave Rewards Tipping Content Creators Overview Media Assets Advertisers Company About Careers Community Help Center Brand Assets Blog Latest news Brave Insights Brave Research Download Select Page You deserve a better Internet. So we reimagined what a browser should be. It begins with giving you back power. Get unmatched speed, security and privacy by blocking trackers. Earn rewards by opting into our privacy-respecting ads and help give publishers back their fair share of Internet revenue. Download Brave Download Brave for macOS Download Brave for Windows 32-bit Download Brave for Windows 64-bit Download Brave for Linux Download for iOS Download for Android Also available for Windows 64-bit, Windows 32-bit, macOS and Linux. scroll to learn more We all know what\u2019s wrong. As a user, access to your web activity and data is sold to the highest bidder. Internet giants grow rich, while publishers go out of business. And the entire system is rife with ad fraud. Brave Shields for Privacy Block data-grabbing ads and trackers The vast bulk of websites and ads include software that tries to identify you. They want to track your every move across the web. Brave blocks all this, allowing you to browse freely. Learn more about Brave Shields BROWSE AT WARP SPEED Blocking harmful ads and trackers means a faster Internet Brave loads major news sites up to six times faster than Chrome, Safari and Firefox on mobile and desktop. Get the browser now REAL PRIVACY Browse much more privately with Tor* Other browsers claim to have a \u201cprivate mode,\u201d but this only hides your history from others using your browser. Brave lets you use Tor right in a tab. Tor not only hides your history, it masks your location from the sites you visit by routing your browsing through several servers before it reaches your destination. These connections are encrypted to increase anonymity. *Available on desktop, coming soon to mobile. Learn more about Private Browsing Earn rewards and support content creators. BRAVE REWARDS Earn frequent flier-like tokens just for browsing Turn on Brave Rewards to earn frequent flier-like tokens for viewing privacy-respecting ads. You can set the number of ads you see per hour. Currently you can support your favorite web creators with your tokens, but soon you\u2019ll be able to spend tokens on premium content, gift cards, and more. ∗ Learn more about Brave Rewards A BETTER DEAL Tip and contribute to websites directly through Brave Rewards Today, you can donate tokens to your favorite websites. Coming soon, some creator sites will feature Brave Ads, which helps them earn more ad revenue than existing ad models. Contribute to 300000+ creators on Brave Rewards Learn more about Brave Rewards \u201cA new privacy-first browser can replace Chrome on all your devices\u201d \u201cBrave is hands-down the fastest browser I\u2019ve used this year on any operating system, for both mobile and desktop. Memory usage by the browser is far below most others, while website loading is far faster\u2026\u201d \u201cBrave is faster and more private than Chrome while maintaining support for Chrome extensions.\u201d Join our mission to fix the Internet. Download Brave Download Brave for macOS Download Brave for Windows 32-bit Download Brave for Windows 64-bit Download Brave for Linux Download for iOS Download for Android Import all your bookmarks with one click. Keep using your favorite Chrome Extensions. More Platforms Why is my privacy so important? Privacy is about individual autonomy and your right to be left alone. Knowledge about you grants some measure of power over you. Governments use information to arrest people, and place them on lists of who should and shouldn\u2019t be able to exercise other basic rights. Corporations want to influence you in all sorts of ways: how you live, what you want, how you vote... And even individual people spy in order to blackmail, stalk, threaten, or peep. Privacy allows you to go about your life without having to constantly worry about how your actions will be misinterpreted or used against you in future. In a very real way, privacy gives you the freedom to be yourself.  \u200bLearn more. Is Brave free? Yes \u200b\u2014 Brave is free! You\u2019ll always be able to use Brave without paying in either money or your personal information. Shields protects you from tracking as you browse the web. Brave Rewards lets you earn tokens by viewing ads and pays it forward to the people who create the stuff you love online. All for free. If you want to support sites in Brave without earning tokens through ads then you\u2019ll have to use your own money. Everything else is on us \u2014 and \u200bBrave has a lot of features\u200b. How do I get paid for viewing ads if Brave blocks ads? Brave blocks invasive ads by default. If you turn on Brave Rewards, you can earn tokens for viewing Brave Ads. These ads aren\u2019t like the ones you see on the web. They\u2019re completely private: none of your personal info, browsing history or anything else ever leaves your device. That\u2019s because Brave downloads the whole ad catalogue and selects the right ads for you locally on your device. And when you see an ad Brave picks for you, you earn 70% of what the advertiser paid, guaranteed. Brave Ads look like system notifications. They\u2019re not distracting or intrusive, and they\u2019re not mixed in with the pages you read online. And you get to pick how many, and how often to see them. \u200bLearn more. How much can you earn from viewing Brave Ads? When you use Brave Rewards, you earn Basic Attention Tokens (BAT) for each privacy-respecting ad Brave shows you. A typical, engaged person who uses Brave as their everyday browser can expect to earn \u200babout $5 of BAT a month.\u200b This figure will vary over time and by region, depending on a variety of factors. Can I install extensions in Brave? Yes! Brave works with all the same extensions and themes as Chrome. Brave is based on the same open-source Chromium code as a number of other browsers, so your favorite extensions just work with Brave. We don\u2019t host our own extensions store though, so for now the best place to find extensions is the Chrome Web Store\u200b. Extensions are powerful ways to improve your Brave experience, but that power comes with responsibility. A malicious extension can seriously compromise your privacy and safety. Brave has taken an early look at multiple extensions to make sure they don\u2019t have any of the most common problems \u2014 and Brave will warn you when you try to install an extension that hasn\u2019t been checked out. ∗ Some restrictions apply in regions outside the US. Read more about Brave Rewards. Resources F.A.Q. Brave Store Help Center Community Brave Branding Media Assets Status Transparency Report ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- brave"
}