{
    "Body": "Features Docs Roadmap Whitepaper Token Utility Token Swap guide Masternode Setup guide Staking guide Essentia FAQ About Blog Get Essentia Features About Blog Docs Roadmap Whitepaper Token Utility Token Swap guide Masternode Setup guide Staking guide Essentia FAQ Mirco Mongiardino Essentia CTO Your crypto life, organized. Essentia is your all-in-one manager for all things crypto; allowing you to conduct cross-blockchain transactions with the best projects in existence. Simple. Secure. Decentralized. Get Application See Video Essentia is the universal blockchain toolbox Essentia is your personal toolbox With Essentia you create your own interoperable crypto-world; with all your wallets, decentralized services, dApps and accounts under your control only. Essentia makes it possible. Anywhere. Anytime Cross-blockchain transactions Why invest in one blockchain? With Essentia you can utilize them all. Our network interconnects multiple blockchains to ensure your ability to interact seamlessly with leading cryptocurrencies and projects in the simplest way possible. Grab your crypto and... Send / Receive Store Securely EXCHANGE See the widest currency list of 750+ Integrated Currencies How many crypto wallets do you have? Now you only need one. With Essentia you can manage more than 750 integrated tokens and coins - including the most popular ones. Limitless opportunities, at your fingertips. Get Application Essentia\u2019s multiple security layers TOUCH ID HD WALLET SEED Only you own your fingerprint, and only you can access your digital assets. Hardware wallet compatibility empowers your assets with complete cold storage. Choose the most convenient and secure means of authorization. With Essentia App What is Essentia? MANAGE SPEED 5 sec send, receive and exchange Privacy You only one owner Simple Simplicity 1 click to create an account College fund Bobby Trade account College fund Bobby Divide your business and personal crypto life Create as many accounts as you want, for personal, business or corporate matters. With separate wallets and settings, different spheres of your life are united within the Essentia framework. Your crypto goes wherever you go Install Essentia on both your phone and computer to have everything you need at hand. Anytime. Install Essentia on either your Windows, MacOS, Linux, iOS and/or Android devices, and have everything you need at your fingertips. Anytime. Try Essentia for FREE! Try Essentia Now! No more words needed. Download for free and try having everything you need at your fingertips! iOS App Android App Mac Windows Linux News Blog Mirco Mongiardino appointed as Tech Lead Mar 27 7 Essential Crypto Features You May Have Never Heard Of Jan 12 New to our project? Learn more about Essentia Aug 29 Open Source Project Essentia Code Your Essentia is your digital essence. That\u2019s why we offer native capabilities for the major crypto coins and currencies on the market. Just so you don\u2019t need to look anywhere else. You don\u2019t need to start from scratch with the Essentia Code. We\u2019ve done the work, so you don\u2019t have to. Open on GitHub Partners & Supporters We\u2019re supported by leading blockchain companies and experts Join Essentia Today Stay informed, we'll send you a newsletter when it matters the most. Leave your email and we\u2019ll make sure you\u2019re in the know of everything that matters! ????????????????????????Thank you for Signing Up ????????????????????????Please correct the marked field(s) below. Subscribe 1,true,6,Subscriber Email,2 1,false,1,Last Name,2 PRODUCT Features Get App Developer Tools BlockExplorer DOCUMENTATION Roadmap Whitepaper Token Utility Token Swap guide Masternode Setup guide Staking guide Essentia FAQ FOLLOWMEET US All Rights Reserved. Essentia 2020", 
    "CompanyName": "Bobby", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "essentia", 
    "Hash": "EC5D168D7762C1811675ECBA7D36FAD7", 
    "KeyTerms": "github, utility token, wallet, digital asset, android, privacy, decentralized, cryptocurrencies, staking, interoperable, linux, dapps, crypto wallet", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/essentia-lead-blockchain-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- essentia", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Essentia - Interoperations For The New Internet", 
    "Url": "https://essentia.one/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
