{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/pundi-x-quantitative-trader/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Pundi X \u2013 Making cryptocurrency accessible to everyone",
    "Hash": "ED62F137053DAD849994F4E8CE7D793B",
    "Url": "https://pundix.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "pundix",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Click here for Pundi X COVID-19 relief program. Safety tips > Become an XPOS Reseller or Distributor Future-proof businesses by enabling digital currency payments and transactions. Start Now   Home XPOS XWallet NPXS Open Platform Function X Blog Press FAQ About Us Partnerships Store Join Us 画板 1 副本 Use digital currency anytime, anywhere. More and more businesses across the world are using Pundi X solution to harness the power of blockchain technology. We have been deploying our blockchain-based point-of-sale (POS) solution and solidifying partnerships with governments, payment companies, and retailers. Together, we will achieve fast-paced growth. Buy XPOS Now Providing a borderless payment ecosystem beyond fiat. There are many reasons why people are now turning to digital currency. The most obvious use case is for transactions, but digital currency also plays a key role in promoting financial inclusion, overcoming foreign exchange issues, and even mitigating the instability of fiat currency. People all over the world are eager to get their hands on our blockchain-based payment solution, the XPOS. Emerging markets want the XPOS to stabilize their payment ecosystem amid hyperinflation. Developed markets are partnering with us to digitize and modernize their payment infrastructure using our blockchain technology. The XPOS devices are already live in 30+ markets globally,making digital currency transactions as easy as buying bottled water. Partnering with Ebooc to build the next blockchain-based digital payment ecosystem for Dubai, which enables tuition fees, retail purchases, and utility bills to be paid digitally. Learn more Driving adoption of digital currency via the XWallet, XPOS, and XPASS to hedge against the hyperinflation of the Venezuelan bolivar. Piloting the world\u2019s first crypto street where XWallet and XPASS users can buy, sell, and transact in crypto with unprecedented ease. Learn more Rolling out the XPOS in Nigeria to become the first in-store means of accepting Bitcoin in Africa. Learn more Partnering with HARA to bring the XPOS and XPASS solutions to the agriculture industry, incentivizing local farmers to promote financial inclusion via the HARA Token. Learn more Partnering with Ebooc to build the next blockchain-based digital payment ecosystem for Dubai, which enables tuition fees, retail purchases, and utility bills to be paid digitally. Learn more Driving adoption of digital currency via the XWallet, XPOS, and XPASS to hedge against the hyperinflation of the Venezuelan bolivar. Piloting the world\u2019s first crypto street where XWallet and XPASS users can buy, sell, and transact in crypto with unprecedented ease. Learn more Rolling out the XPOS in Nigeria to become the first in-store means of accepting Bitcoin in Africa. Learn more Partnering with HARA to bring the XPOS and XPASS solutions to the agriculture industry, incentivizing local farmers to promote financial inclusion via the HARA Token. Learn more The most versatile payment ecosystem of its kind Our partners want to drive market adoption of our XPOS solution. We are planning to make our API available to developers, provisioning them access to co-create an even better borderless digital currency payment ecosystem through various token utilization scenarios. Partnered with global payment solution leader to enable digital currency transactions around the world.Learn more Organized the world's first blockchain-powered music festival with ULTRA TAIWAN, Pundi X was the official payment solution provider, and the XPOS was used by 40 merchants and more than 30,000 festival-goers during the two-day music festival for food, drinks, and merchandises.Learn more Showcased the XPOS and XPASS to more than 20,000 attendees at the biggest annual business event organized in Taipei.Learn more Helping VOF launch a celebrity-based digital currency in South Korea. Celebrities will be able to launch their own tokens supported, embraced, and accepted by their fans. VOF is notably China's biggest celebrity-focused app developer, as well as the sole partner of Tencent in this space, with the reach of over 6 million QQ followers.Learn more We have successfully completed integration support of XPOS module on X990 made by US-based Verifone, one of the largest providers of traditional point-of-sale (POS) terminals in the world.Learn more NPXS: a flourishing ecosystem In order to continue attracting developers and partners for the XPOS, XWallet, and XPASS, third-parties will need NPXS and NPXSXEM to fuel to transactions, rewards, payments, and incentives. Featured in Learn more XPOS is availble in 0+ countries Order Now NetherlandsGermanySwedenSwitzerlandSloveniaBulgariaMoldovaUnited KingdomSpainUnited Arab EmiratesThailandMalaysiaSingaporeAustraliaIndonesiaHongKongTaiwanSouth KoreaNigeriaCanadaUnited StatesVenezuelaBrazilArgentinaRepublic of Colombia Buying digital currencies should be as easy as buying a bottled water As the 7-Eleven of digital currencies, Pundi X will enable consumers to buy and use digital currencies - anytime, anywhere. Pundi XPOS solutions Digitize your brick-and-mortar store with the XPOS, enabling your customers to buy digital assets using fiat, a bank card, a mobile wallet, or the Pundi XPASS. XPASS card: Frictionless transactions With the Pundi XPASS, you can buy or sell with a single swipe. Mobile payment integration Digital wallets with Pundi X support can buy, spend and accept digital currencies. Top-up supported Use fiat or a bank card to top-up your wallet with digital currencies at any Pundi X partner location. Why the Pundi XPOS? In addition to digital currency and fiat transactions, the XPOS can also support retail intelligence, inventory management, order management, and even marketing and loyalty programs. The XPOS, in short, is an all-in-one solution for retailers. Accept digital assets as payment. Increase value of store properties through an intelligent clearing system. Spend and acquire digital assets. Support BTC, ETH (ERC 20), NPXS, XEM, QTUM (QRC 20), BNB, XLM, and other popular digital assets. Support digital asset payment cards, such as the Pundi XPASS. Support mobile payment apps. Support blockchain-based wallet payment. Establish a consumer\u2019s credit history to reduce financial risks. Provide a gateway for financial service providers. Support a loyalty or membership management system. Support promotional and NPXS reward system. Support 3rd party delivery and logistic service providers. Reduce your costs and increase your revenues Retailers that adopt the XPOS will have their service fees waived for one full year. Pundi X will also increase the list of digital currencies that merchants can accept, and allow them to choose their preferred settlement currency via the Pundi X enterprise platform. Pundi X Rewards Pundi X Rewards Pundi X will give rewards to qualified retailers for facilitating transactions via the XPOS. Customers also get free NPXS tokens that they can redeem on their next purchase. The redeemable value of NPXS tokens will be based on the current market price. *NPXS tokens for Pundi X Rewards are claimed from our marketing campaign budget or buy back from the market. We will burn these tokens when they are redeemed by customers.Learn more Roadmap 2018 - 2019 2020 Q1 2018 600 XPOS units opened for individual pre-orders. [1] XPOS passed 27 security and compliance tests. XPOS added EMV and magnetic reader support. Published XPlugin SDK documentation. Established London office. Q2 2018 Established Tokyo and Seoul offices. Opened 2,000 XPOS units for individual pre-orders. [2] Delivered 4,000 XPOS units to partner businesses. Delivered 300,000 XPASS cards. Set up Pundi X foundation for transparency and compliance. Q3 2018 Established two offices in North and South Americas. Completed NPXS swap. Established bank and governmental partnerships for XPOS and XPASS roll-out. Q4 2018 Inaugurated the international series of XBlockchain Summit in Indonesia for thought leaders, government officials, business executives, developers, and innovators. Launched a working prototype of the XPhone and demonstrated its capabilities for blockchain-based telephony. Secured a partnership to introduce the XPOS to the government and public sector. Launched XWallet, the mobile app for easy digital currency payments. Facilitated the publication of third-party apps on the XPOS. Fielded corporate orders for 20,000 XPOS units. Q1 2019 Kick off the international series of XBlockchain summit in China. Grow the XWallet and XPASS card adoption rate to increase transactions on the XPOS. Continue to scale up corporate footprint globally by establishing more local branch offices. Introduce the XPOS and XPASS as a medium for charitable donations via a partnership with a major non-profit organization. Q2 2019 Expand the international series of XBlockchain summit to South America. Obtain certifications for XPOS. Complete development of token listing mechanism and customized XPASS cards. Establish XPOS distributor network in Africa. Staking and conversion feature available in XWallet. Open pre-sale program for XPhone. Publish selected XPOS merchant directory. Q3 2019 Start shipping XPOS Handy Expand XPOS to other major POS platform. Support a new blockchain in XWallet. Complete NPXS/NPXSXEM-FX conversion. Deliver XPhone test models for selected third-party testers to review. Release additional NPXS utilization from XWallet transactions. Q4 2019 Ship XPhone to pre-order customers. Develop XPOS with traditional top global POS manufacturer Increase XPOS and XWallet merchant activation Q1 2020 Enable XPOS to accept crypto payment from decentralized wallets. Launch XPOS Reseller Program. Launch Brazilian website. Develop buy crypto option on XPOS for decentralized wallets. Q2 2020 Activate DeFi features in XWallet. Set up XPOS distribution network in Argentina. Expand XPOS platform on more Android-based MPOS devices. Q3 2020 Set up more XPOS distributor network in Europe. Expand XPOS platform to non Android-based POS devices. Conduct alpha testing of Pundi X platform on Function X blockchain, including on-chain payment on Function X. Q4 2020 To be announced in July 2020 [1] Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Indonesia, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Britain, Denmark, Ireland, Greece, Portugal, Austria, Spain, Sweden, Finland, Malta, Cyprus, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Bulgaria. [2] APAC and global [3] Road map contains forward-looking statements regarding Pundi X expected progress, future features, and our business plans. These statements reflect Pundi X current expectations with respect to future events; they are based on assumptions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and change at any time as the company operates in a changing regulatory environment and highly evolving technical space. Pundi X is obligated to comply with regulatory requirements or acquire permissions of new services, which may cause delay or transferring to other organizations to continue the newly developed services. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Actual results, performance or events may be different from what is predicted in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements cannot constitute technological, financial, investment, legal or other advice. Please consult with experts in appropriate areas before implementing or utilizing the forward-looking statements. Feel free to submit your questionAsk question Get community resourcesDownload Disclaimer The Information provided herein is for general information only. It should not be taken as professional consulting advice from Pundi X Labs Pte. Ltd (Isle of Man) and/or Pundi X Labs Pte. Ltd (Singapore UEN No. 201731271H) or any affiliated Pundi X entity (collectively referred to as \u201cPUNDI X\u201d). You should consider seeking independent legal, financial, taxation and/or other advice to confirm how participation in the activities of PUNDI X might relate to your unique circumstances. Presently, the activities of PUNDI X are not regulated or licensed by the financial regulatory authorities of many jurisdictions, including the Monetary Authority of Singapore (\u201cMAS\u201d). PUNDI X remains committed to complying with all relevant regulations in force that relate to our activities. Copyright © 2018 - 2020 Pundi X Labs PTE. LTD. All Rights Reserved.",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- pundix"
}