{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": ["https://boards.greenhouse.io/figure/jobs/4776377002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/figure-associate-product-manager/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Job Application for Associate Product Manager at Figure",
    "Hash": "EF8B041BF2BFD572EF432EF9D4571E1B",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/figure/jobs/4776377002?gh_src=cryptocurrencyjobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Apply Now Associate Product Manager at Figure (View all jobs) San Francisco, CA or Remote About Figure At Figure, we\u2019re on a mission to transform financial services through blockchain, bringing speed, efficiency and savings to both consumers and institutions. Accomplishing this kind of transformation requires building really big things. And we understand that building big requires a creative, team oriented and supportive environment where everyone can do their absolute best work. The Figure team is comprised of incredibly driven, innovative, collaborative and curious people who love architecting and building from scratch. Everyone at the company is encouraged to be an individual contributor but also a team collaborator.  We value team members who bring an entrepreneurial mindset to every task and will embrace our culture of innovation. Every day at Figure is a journey in continuous learning yet a daily focus on getting work done that makes a difference. This is an opportunity to work with a team of proven leaders who have already created billions of dollars in value in the Fintech space. Join us! About the Role Figure is looking for a creative and adaptable Associate Product Manager to join our growing team! Do you excel at working cross-functionally by finding simple solutions to complex problems? As a Figure Associate Product Manager, you will help build and own the next generation of consumer financial services products in a high speed, high performance, innovative environment. This is a great opportunity for someone with a non traditional background to learn about Product Management with leaders in the FinTech space!  What You\u2019ll Do Assist in building new products from ground level and work to continuously scale and evolve current products in consumer lending and financial services  Help drive the product development process: see projects through from concept and planning to development, launch, and post-launch iterating Partner with the engineering team and other cross-functional teams to define, document, and communicate objectives, requirements and constraints for product initiatives and releases Collaborate with the broader cross-functional team, including Engineering, Data Science, Design, and Operations to bring your ideas to life Manage a roadmap for new features: take input from users and stakeholders; understand & prioritize the work so we\u2019re always focused on the most impactful projects; properly set business expectations Develop objectives and key results (OKRs) to build short, medium and long-term product roadmaps that take products from conception through launch and expansion Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and prioritize product changes to meet customer needs and deliver a 5 star customer experience  Continually measure solutions to see if they have solved the problems at hand, via both qualitative and quantitative measures What We Look For BS/BA with 3+ years of consulting, product management or business analysis experience  Big 4 consulting experience a plus Product Management experience preferably with a consumer facing product preferred Experience in FinTech or consumer lending products is a plus Proven track record of building scalable products from scratch  Data driven approach with strong analytical abilities Ability to prioritize the product backlog and deliver into the set goals of the roadmap Proven success communicating cross functionally and building solid long term business relationships    Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment Benefits To You Competitive salary based on experience and skills Firm-wide performance based bonus Competitive stock options package as an early member of the team A flexible paid time off and vacation policy Comprehensive health, vision, dental insurance Company FSA, 401k, commuter benefits And much more to come! Figure will not sponsor work visas for this position. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.    Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Location (City) * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review + Add Another Education LinkedIn Profile * How did you hear about this job? * Are you authorized to work in the US for any employer? * -- Yes No Do you now or in the future require sponsorship to work in the US?  * -- Yes No U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Figure are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. How do I know if I have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Blindness Deafness Cancer Diabetes Epilepsy Autism Cerebral palsy HIV/AIDS Schizophrenia Muscular dystrophy Bipolar disorder Major depression Multiple sclerosis (MS) Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Obsessive compulsive disorder Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. School * Degree * High School Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Engineer's Degree Other Discipline Accounting African Studies Agriculture Anthropology Applied Health Services Architecture Art Asian Studies Biology Business Business Administration Chemistry Classical Languages Communications & Film Computer Science Dentistry Developing Nations Discipline Unknown Earth Sciences Economics Education Electronics Engineering English Studies Environmental Studies European Studies Fashion Finance Fine Arts General Studies Health Services History Human Resources Management Humanities Industrial Arts & Carpentry Information Systems International Relations Journalism Languages Latin American Studies Law Linguistics Manufacturing & Mechanics Mathematics Medicine Middle Eastern Studies Naval Science North American Studies Nuclear Technics Operations Research & Strategy Organizational Theory Philosophy Physical Education Physical Sciences Physics Political Science Psychology Public Policy Public Service Religious Studies Russian & Soviet Studies Scandinavian Studies Science Slavic Studies Social Science Social Sciences Sociology Speech Statistics & Decision Theory Urban Studies Veterinary Medicine Other Start Date End Date * Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- greenhouse"
}