{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.gsr.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.gsr.io/careers/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/gsr-trading-analyst/",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "GSR Markets \u2013 Pioneering Financial Services for Digital Asset Markets",
    "Hash": "F1227677C6223F7DC16F277BFAD052CD",
    "Url": "https://www.gsr.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "gsr",
    "Language": "Estonian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "简体中文 한국어 Our Team Services Trading Portfolio Solutions Media Insights Careers Contact us GSR Trading 简体中文 한국어 Our Team Services Trading Portfolio Solutions Media Insights Careers Contact us Pioneering Financial Services for Digital Asset Markets Founded in 2013, GSR is the leading trading firm in the digital asset ecosystem. Contact us Trading We are experts in programmatic and bilateral trading. We offer programmatic execution services, liquidity provision, as well as custom built options, structured products, and lending solutions. Our trading technology is used by cryptocurrency projects, funds, miners, exchanges, and high net-worth individuals. Learn more Portfolio Solutions Our team sees every trading relationship as a partnership, we work with every counterparty to understand your return profile or specific yield target. Our custom fit strategies allow projects and individuals to effectively earn interest on their cryptocurrency. Effective portfolio management can reduce risks, help cover operational costs, and ensure you are best positioned to capitalize on potential returns. Learn more Network Our Team GSR has decades of experience managing global trading and quant businesses. Our team draws on experience from Goldman Sachs, Two Sigma, Nomura International, and Citadel, among others. Our collective insight has allowed GSR to build one of the industry\u2019s fastest, most robust and transparent digital asset trading systems. Meet our Team Our veteran leadership team consists of finance and technology executives from world leading financial institutions. Areas of Expertise Liquidity Provision We leverage our deep understanding of digital asset liquidity, market structure, financial derivatives and quantitative investing to provide liquidity solutions ranging from basic execution services to structured products. Risk Management Strategy GSR has designed risk management strategies for miners, hedge funds and exchanges who face ongoing difficult decisions on how to manage risk. These products are engineered to reduce volatility and aim to define and constrain risk parameters. Programmatic Execution GSR\u2019s proprietary trading technology can be configured to specific trading needs of counterparties. Our selling and accumulation strategies dynamically adjust to real-time liquidity and volatility, ensuring that you get the best price for your assets in the timeframe of your choice. As Featured Sign up to our Insights Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. office GSR Trading Pioneering Financial Services for Digital Asset Markets Singapore Hong Kong London Zug Chicago gsr@gsr.io Our Team Trading Portfolio Solutions Media Insights Careers Contact ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- gsr"
}