{
    "Body": "Financial Analyst NYC / Finance \u2013 Finance / Full-Time Apply for this job Paxful is a leading peer-to-peer bitcoin marketplace and a universal money translator. Our mission is social justice through financial freedom worldwide. By offering a platform with over 300 financial networks that empower both merchants and buyers alike, we have created opportunities for millions across the globe who don\u2019t have access to traditional banking services. One of our pillars is giving back to the communities we help through humanitarian efforts such as our #BuiltWithBitcoin campaign, a charitable initiative that aims to build 100 schools in impoverished communities around the globe. You\u2019ll be joining an international team that seeks to make real, sustainable change in the world. We are currently growing our Finance team, and are looking for a motivated and open-minded individual who thrives in a startup environment. An essential part of this role is to provide administrative support and will perform duties such as managing accounts payable, payroll and working on special projects. What you'll be doing Assist with all accounts payable administrative functions, ensuring that invoice processing is timely, accurate, and complete. Process employee expense reports, including verification of receipts and coding. Coordinate planning and rolling forecasts process on a monthly / quarterly / annual basis to facilitate resource allocation towards the company\u2019s growth objectives. Oversee comprehensive reporting, analyses and projections of KPI metrics and financials. Develop and enhance necessary dashboards to track business performance, identify trends and proactively engage with functional leaders to stay ahead of key changes to the business. Continuously improve internal control processes, financial modeling, forecasting and reporting. Work closely with the Finance and Leadership teams to prepare the company for fundraises from a forecasting and planning perspective. Develop and maintain estimates of total addressable market; track competitors and peers. Develop presentations and analytical materials to be presented to senior and executive management; analytical materials include pricing, partnership, and marketing program analyses. What we are looking for Minimum of 3 years of experience in financial planning & analysis, with knowledge of accounts payable functions Bachelor\u2019s degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field Ability to work in a fast paced environment, handle ambiguity, and shifting priorities Thorough understanding of general accounting and a passion for understanding GAAP accounting and key non-GAAP metrics used by investors; CPA not required Strong statistical, analytical and quantitative skills Mastery with Microsoft Excel, Quickbooks, and other financial tools What would set you apart Investment banking or venture capital experience Experience using bitcoin wallet software Experience with Quickbooks and ERP / financial systems such as NetSuite, Adaptive Forecasting What we offer Comprehensive insurance plans, commuter benefits, flexible spending account, and 401(k) with 4% company matching Gym membership, massage, chiropractor, or other reimbursement (personal training, dance classes, etc.) Learning and development reimbursement (including online courses, certifications, conferences, seminars, etc.) Flexible working hours and generous paid time off Parental leave, including a one-time bonus to support newborn Stocked fridges and kitchens along with daily catered lunch and dinner Thursday happy hours and team outings that you do not want to miss! ???????????? Apply for this job Paxful Home PageJobs powered by", 
    "CompanyName": "ERP", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "lever", 
    "Hash": "F3FB29168CD26543FB709B6EFAE778DB", 
    "KeyTerms": "wallet, marketplace, analytical, financial, startup, peer to peer, full time, bitcoin, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Not Found", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/paxful", 
        "https://jobs.lever.co/paxful/15acc634-3218-4448-880c-5142d3c382a9/apply"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/paxful-financial-analyst/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "bitcoin", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- lever", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Paxful - Financial Analyst", 
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/paxful/15acc634-3218-4448-880c-5142d3c382a9?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=cryptocurrencyjobs"
}
