{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.diginex.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
        "https://www.diginex.com/job-openings/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/diginex-senior-investment-analyst/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Home \u2013 Diginex",
    "Hash": "F7917D60AABF50C086750C8D4C0ACA94",
    "Url": "https://www.diginex.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "diginex",
    "Language": "Italian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Offerings Insights Team News Careers Contact Offerings Insights Team News Careers Contact Offerings Insights Team News Careers Contact Driving institutional adoption of digital assets and blockchain technology Scroll to Learn More Offerings Solutions Pioneering blockchain-enabled tools for corporates, governments and financial institutions. Markets Institutional-grade infrastructure for digital assets including exchange, trading and custody. Asset Management Providing an accessible and credible on-ramp into digital assets for institutional allocators of capital. Learn More Innovative Solutions, at Institutional Scale, for Global Impact Diginex partners with institutional investors, corporations, and governments to make digital assets more accessible, business processes more efficient, and societies more secure. Insights Blockchain carries the potential to transform the way the world transacts and stores information digitally. The adoption of distributed ledger technology and the emergence of the digital asset class are defining a new era of opportunity for global financial markets, enterprise value creation, and public sector advancement. May 2020 The Future of Bitcoin Beyond Halving May 2020 Chasing liquidity: How the over-the-counter digital currency market is maturing March 2020 Will 2020 be the year of the Central Bank Digital Currency? Read More Team Miles Pelham Chairman and Founder Richard Byworth Chief Executive Officer Paul Ewing Chief Financial Officer See Full Team News Diginex partners with Itiviti to provide NYFIX connectivity for digital asset investors April 20, 2020 Digivault expands digital asset custody offering with launch of warm custody solution \u2013 Helios April 16, 2020 Diginex hires Chi-Won Yoon as Asia Chairman April 2, 2020 Newsletter Get the latest from Diginex Leave this field empty if you're human: Get in touch with us \u203a Diginex is a digital financial services and blockchain solutions company. We partner with institutional investors, corporations, and governments to make digital assets more accessible, business processes more efficient, and societies more secure. Offerings Insights Team News Careers Contact Diginex Limited © 2020. All rights reserved. ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- diginex"
}