{
    "Body": "Honeyminer is brand new and may not be recognized by your computer's security software. Most will not alert you, if they do it's usually pretty easy, just press \"allow\" when prompted. Honeyminer is downloading. Honeyminer software is safe and secure Learn more 1 Open the Honeyminer Setup .EXE or .dmg in your Download folder. 2 Use your email to create an account and we ????????????ll send you a password. 3 Start earning Satoshis (Like Bitcoin pennies) immediately! Thank you for downloading Honeyminer Visit our Knowledge Base to Optimize Refer friends to earn more Bitcoin Leaving so soon? Let us know what you are looking for Send us a request with your mining needs Honeyminer is Downloading Honeyminer Software is Safe and Secure, [+] Learn More Open the Honeyminer Setup .EXE or .dmg in your Download folder. Use your email to create an account and we????????????ll send you a password. Start earning Satoshis (Like Bitcoin pennies) immediatelly! If you are having trouble getting around your security software Click Here! Most security software will not alert you, if they do it????????????s usually pretty easy, just press \"allow\". What is Honeyminer? Crypto Calculator Security Questions Hotel Honey?????????????????? Login Download Welcome What is Honeyminer? Crypto Calculator Security Questions Login Start mining cryptocurrency right now. Honeyminer makes mining and earning money simple for anyone with a computer. Start earning now Available now Available now NEW We make it easy for you to mine like a pro Honeyminer gives anyone easy access to sophisticated mining software. Imagine earning meaningful passive income just by having your computer turned on, all while taking part in the blockchain revolution. Sign up in a minute Downloading Honeyminer takes less than a minute and only requires a valid email address. Become an expert miner Honeyminer\u2019s proprietary algorithm will scan through dozens of cryptocurrencies to identify the most profitable coins to mine at any given time. Stick with it All mined coins will be automatically converted to Bitcoin and your balance will increase daily. You can keep it as an investment or sell it for cash anytime you want. See the potential Calculate your earnings Earnings depend on the power of your graphics card as well as overall market conditions. Newer PCs can make anywhere from $15-$75* per GPU per month. See the potential if you HODL based on annual bitcoin growth rates: 20% 5 years $100 10 years $600 * Assuming one graphics card. Computers with multiple graphics cards will earn more. Does not include electricity costs. This is a hypothetical model, not a prediction or projection of performance, and assumes you are mining every day and that mining profitability scales with the market. It does not account for fees or taxes and is for illustrative purposes only. Actual return may be more or less than presented above. We're serious about security. Your peace of mind is our highest priority and we take pride in the fact that we are setting the highest standard for mining security. Anonymous & encrypted We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and aggressive encryption to ensure that information passing through our servers is anonymous and protected. Access control Honeyminer offers 2-factor authentication to safeguard your account. We enforce strict password policies, smart session monitoring, and suspicious login activity monitors. Fully audited code Every line of code is audited and compiled in-house by our security experts. No risk of malicious code distributed by anonymously-produced mining software. Asset protection We store virtually all of our user\u2019s digital assets in cold storage (not connected to internet), protecting against even the most sophisticated online threats. Questions? We are here to help. Ask away. FULL FAQ How do I get started with Honeyminer? It\u2019s super straightforward, download Honeyminer and then run the program after locating it in your downloads folder. After running it your computer will start mining, its that simple! How much can I earn? It depends on the power of your computer specifically the graphics card(s). Computers built for gaming or newer PC\u2019s bought in the last year will make the most. Older computers and laptops will be able to mine as well, however not at the same levels as newer ones. On the high end, newer computers can earn $1-3 per day per GPU. (based on today\u2019s value of bitcoin) Will Honeyminer harm my computer? (No) Some antivirus software may flag Honeyminer as an unknown application. That\u2019s because Honeyminer is brand new. Honeyminer software is written in the United States, compiled completely in-house, code-signed by DigiCert, and fully audited for security compliance. After Honeyminer is installed, you can turn it on and off as you please. Your computer should run perfectly normal with it on, the one exception would be if you were playing a graphics-intensive video game, you may want to pause Honeyminer as the same graphics card is used to mine. Do I have to auto-convert profits to bitcoin? For now, yes as we wanted to allow people easy access to their profits. We realize some of you will want the option to hold some or all of the coins you mine and we are building functionality to support that. Can I choose what coins to mine? Not at this point. Our first goal was to create a 'set it and forget it' app for anyone to mine the most profitable coins. There may be some of you that have a favorite coin to mine and we will be building functionality to support that. For now you can rest assured that Honeyminer will identify the best coins to mine for you. I run a mining operation already, is Honeyminer for me? Technically yes, as this helps any rig run on autopilot. However we realize that more experienced miners require much more detailed monitoring capabilities and we will be building that (and a bunch of other cool stuff) into Honeyminer Pro. What\u2019s Honeyminer\u2019s Revenue Model? Honeyminer supports development by taking a small share of the total mining earnings generated on our network. For users with 1 GPU the fee is 8% and for 2 GPUs or more the fee is 2.5%. Honeyminer Welcome What is Honeyminer? Crypto Calculator Security Questions Access Download Login Referrals On-Demand GPUs????????????NEW Honeyminer Pro FAQ General Questions Crypto Education Honeyminer App Company About Us Blog Contact Us Careers Social Twitter Telegram ???????????? 2020 Stax Digital????????????????????????????????????", 
    "CompanyName": "GPU", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "honeyminer", 
    "Hash": "FA76F78CEE749148EADADB3791A52AE2", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, algorithms, gaming, digital asset, encryption, compliance, gpus, cryptocurrencies, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Most, CZ", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://honeyminer.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co", 
        "https://honeyminer.com/careers"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/honeyminer-site-reliability-engineer-sre/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "bitcoin", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- honeyminer", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Honeyminer - Welcome", 
    "Url": "https://honeyminer.com/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
