{
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://angel.co/corl/jobs",
        "https://corl.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/corl-business-development-financial-analyst/",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Financing the Digital Economy - Corl - Corl",
    "Hash": "FE8F45A8448C2E83988B1CD387609642",
    "Url": "https://corl.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "corl",
    "Language": "Estonian",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "× Keep up with Corl News & Announcements Consciously participate in the growth of startups while diversifying your portfolio. Your First Name Your Last Name Email Country of Residence Choose a Country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Zambia One or more fields have an error. Please check and try again. Nice! You're in! You have joined our early access list. Stay tuned! In the meantime, please follow us on social media! Or share this unique link: What is Revenue Sharing? About Blog Sign In Apply Now Growth Capital from Corl. Grow Revenue. Grow Revenue. Share Revenue.^2000 Corl provides fast, fair, and flexible financing with revenue sharing. No equity. No board seats. No fees. Why Corl? Because all great businesses deserve access to growth capital. Fast Process The application process takes 10 minutes to complete. Our platform gathers information on a business and generates a financing decision. Funds are deposited in under 2 weeks. Fair Decision Financing decisions are objective and based on data. Our approach uses accounting, banking, and marketing data to qualify and approve businesses for financing. No human bias. Flexible Financing Our revenue sharing financing provides businesses with $10,000 to $1,000,000 in growth capital for a small % of their monthly revenue. No fixed terms. No minimum payments. No fees. Corl provides affordable growth capital to businesses with revenue sharing. Ready To Grow? We work with 100+ data providers. And the world is talking about it... ...so what are you waiting for? Let's Grow. © Corl Financial Technologies Inc. 2020 Company About Press Careers Contact Us Learn Blog F.A.Q. Legal Terms of Use ",
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- corl"
}