{
    "Body": "PartnersBlogProDocsSign in Software Engineer Join us as employee number one! Dune Analytics. CET????????????4 Contact: founders@duneanalytics.com About Dune Analytics Open blockchains, like Ethereum, represent amazing new ways for people and organizations to financially interact without having to put trust in middlemen. We think this will radically reshape and expand global economic activity by enabling more people and ideas to thrive. Blockchain data, open and permissionless, is however not easily understandable nor accessible. At Dune Analytics we\u2019re enabling anyone to access and understand economic activity on blockchains independent of skill level.???????????? Our first steps towards realizing this mission is explore.duneanalytics.com, an open and free platform where users can query, visualize and share analyses of blockchain data. In addition, we already have several world-leading blockchain projects as paying clients. Dune Analytics was founded by Fredrik and Mats summer 2018, and we\u2019re now looking for our first engineering hire to take Dune to the next level. The founders are based in Oslo, Norway, but don\u2019t share an office and currently operate in a remote fashion. We believe that who you are is more important than where you are and our main goal is to find the best possible addition to the team. The role Dune is comprised of a number of subsystems. We run Ethereum nodes. We fetch data from blockchains. We fetch prices from APIs. We run PostgreSQL databases. We maintain an analytics frontend application. We don\u2019t expect you to be great at all these things at once, but we would love for you to take leadership within a technical area of Dune Analytics. That could e.g. be???????????? Full-stack application development Data processing in golang Database management and devops or others! If you feel like your technical expertise is a good fit, but not listed here, we\u2019d still love to talk to you. Technologies we use Golang PostgreSQL Docker & Kubernetes Python w/ Flask React AWS (lambda, cognito), Google Cloud (gke, gce) Git Responsibilities Depending on your skillset and motivation, responsibilities can include Build features, backend infrastructure, and tooling that come together into a cohesive and delightful product experience. Build data processing tools for different blockchains. Build internal data management tools and APIs. Regardless of your technical expertise, we expect you to Collaborate within all technical and non-technical areas of Dune Analytics. Help us build better technical and non-technical processes inside Dune Analytics. Participate in code reviews and product decisions. Pick up any challenge that comes our way together with the team. Who you are Self-driven, independent, curious and always looking to improve and learn. Write well documented and well tested, production quality code. You are flexible and adaptable in your approach. You are enthusiastic about Ethereum and other blockchains or at least wanting to learn more.???????????? You are excited about data, and what it can do for the blockchain ecosystem. Requirements: Experience with code in production. Experience hosting your own code. An ability to write high-quality, well-tested code. Nice to Have: Proficiency with either Golang or Python + Javascript. SQL skills. Startup experience. Remote experience. What we offer Salary Equity Flexible working hours and location Product Ownership Impact Fast-paced industry, with lots of exciting developments and a vibrant community which you will be part of How to apply Please leave us some info here and we'll be in touch shortly.", 
    "CompanyName": "Dune", 
    "ContentType": "text/html", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "duneanalytics", 
    "Hash": "FF173846CB3FF8A9D65F817ABBEF2ED3", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, front end, python, golang, react, remote, javascript, docker, sql, application development, cloud, ethereum, back end, git, devops, startup, code review, software engineer, aws", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/dune-analytics-software-engineer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- duneanalytics", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Software Engineer", 
    "Url": "https://www.duneanalytics.com/careers/first-engineering-hire?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
