{
    "Body": "Get Started Products Our products Crypto wallet tracker FREE Connect all your crypto wallets & exchanges. Track your balances and transactions. Crypto portfolio assistant Track and manage your crypto investment performance. View pricing Crypto taxes Accurately calculate your taxes and generate your tax reports. View pricing Try out the mobile app Resources Exchanges Crypto Prices Tax Guide IRS Letter Guide Blog Forum Exchanges Crypto Prices Tax Guide IRS Letter Guide Blog Forum Sign in Get Started Sign in Get Started NEW Calculate your crypto taxes for FREE! Calculate Bitcoin Taxes, Track Your Crypto Portfolio CoinTracker is the most trusted and secure cryptocurrency portfolio tracker and tax calculator. Get started now Join 100,000 satisfied users who track their crypto portfolio and calculate taxes with CoinTracker. INTEGRATIONS Easily Connect All Exchanges & Wallets Directly connect all of your exchanges, wallets, and DeFi platforms. We automatically and continuously synchronize your crypto balances and transactions. Learn more PORTFOLIO TRACKING Track Your Entire Crypto Portfolio Our technology supports fee tracking, margin trading, and the most integrations, while handling traders with millions of transactions. We support over 300 exchanges and 2500 cryptocurrencies. Learn more CRYPTO TAXES Instantly Generate Tax Reports Easily review your tax summary, and download the reports you need to file your taxes. Seamlessly integrated with TurboTax and your accountant's software. We offer full support in US, UK, Canada, Australia, and partial support for every other country. Learn more 100K Users $20B Transaction volume tracked $600M Capital losses claimed AUTOMATION Sync over 300 wallets and exchanges We use read-only access to exchange accounts to protect your funds. See all exchanges We support over 2500 cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrency price data provided by Nomics. ???????????? TESTIMONIALS Loved by cryptocurrency users CoinTracker is the most trusted cryptocurrency tax software in the industry. For those who asked about my crypto taxes - ended up going w @cointracker. Best UX I found after looking at a number of options. (FWIW I'm not an investor in the company, nor is anyone paying me). Arianna Simpson @AriannaSimpson Started to do taxes this weekend and seriously big kudos to @cointracker for an amazing job on their product - hugely relieved to have my crypto taxes done in less than 5 mins ???????????????????????? Rishab Hegde @Reparadocs Watch out, Cointracker now has mobile apps that automatically sync your holdings with exchanges and your own crypto wallets. No more manual entry. Your best crypto tracker is now here ???????????????????????? Garry() @garrytan For those who asked about my crypto taxes - ended up going w @cointracker. Best UX I found after looking at a number of options. (FWIW I'm not an investor in the company, nor is anyone paying me). Arianna Simpson @AriannaSimpson Started to do taxes this weekend and seriously big kudos to @cointracker for an amazing job on their product - hugely relieved to have my crypto taxes done in less than 5 mins ???????????????????????? Rishab Hegde @Reparadocs Watch out, Cointracker now has mobile apps that automatically sync your holdings with exchanges and your own crypto wallets. No more manual entry. Your best crypto tracker is now here ???????????????????????? Garry() @garrytan KNOWLEDGE BASE Frequently Asked Questions Get advice and answers from the CoinTracker team. Do I owe taxes on my crypto? If you traded, sold, mined, earned, or used any of your cryptocurrency to purchase something, then you may need to pay tax on these assets. Learn more about how cryptocurrency is taxed. Are crypto-to-crypto trades taxable? Trading cryptocurrency to cryptocurrency is a taxable event. A transfer between your wallets and exchanges is not a taxable event. Learn more about taxes on crypto-to-crypto trades. How do taxes work for airdrops, forks, gifts and mining? Mining, forks, and airdrops are all taxed with different rules. I got a warning letter from the IRS - what do I do? If you received a warning letter from the IRS about your cryptocurrency taxes (IRS Letter 6173, IRS Letter 6174, IRS Letter 6174-A, IRS Notice CP2000), don\u2019t stress, we\u2019ll have you on your way in 15 minutes. Here's a Guide on IRS Crypto Warning Letters with what you need to know. See all questions JOIN COINTRACKER Ready to track your portfolio & taxes? Join CoinTracker to instantly see your portfolio, investment ROI and taxes. Get started now Connect your cryptocurrency wallets and exchanges. Get your crypto and bitcoin taxes done in minutes. Platform Pricing Crypto Prices Terms of Use ", 
    "CompanyName": "IRS", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "cointracker", 
    "Hash": "FFAA66CA8385AD34F6AC3478483EB878", 
    "KeyTerms": "cryptocurrency, trading, mobile apps, wallet, exchanges, defi, cryptocurrencies, bitcoin, crypto wallet", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Best, NL", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/cointracker", 
        "https://www.cointracker.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/cointracker-lead-product-designer/", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "bitcoin", 
    "Salary": "6174-", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/", 
    "Spidered": "FROM: cryptocurrencyjobs -- TO -- cointracker", 
    "TackIt": "false", 
    "Title": "Bitcoin Taxes, Crypto Portfolio & Prices | CoinTracker", 
    "Url": "https://www.cointracker.io/?ref=cryptocurrencyjobs.co"
}
