{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-blockchain-jobs",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Applications-Engineering-Manager-Attain-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/10370108/2586",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Business-Architect-CGI-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/cgiamsbot/2185_J0620%26%23450986",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/DevOps-Architect-Eliassen-Group-Canonsburg-PA-15317/cxelisen/337351",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Enterprise-Architect-Computer-Enterprises%2C-Inc.-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/ceiam/LO%26%2332EA",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Enterprise-Architect-Sirius-Computer-Solutions-Inc-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/SCSITX/ENTER03990",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Lead-Java-Development-Architect-Kforce-Technology-Staffing-Coraopolis-PA-15108/kforcecx/ITEQG1898845",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-Application-Developer-Apex-Systems-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/apexsan/1069941",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-Software-Engineer-%28Springboot%29-RPC-Solutions-LLC-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/10270144/6564282",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-Software-Engineer-SGS-Consulting-Pittsburgh-PA-15222/10123373/SAN987",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-Systems-Software-Engineer-Micro-Focus-LLC-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/91109223/7015226",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Software-Architect-Software-Engineering-Institute-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/SOFTENG/2014871",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Software-Architect-TEK-Connexion-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/10336831/6563409",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Software-Developer-Lead-%28digital-MIS%29-Kelly-IT-Pittsburgh-PA-15222/10114756a/1847497",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr.-Innovation-Application-Architect-PNC-Financial-Services-Group-Pittsburgh-PA-15289/appblok/18_R025694",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr.-Software-Engineer-CGT-Staffing-Pittsburgh-PA-15201/10371465/6537187"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-blockchain-jobs",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sr. Innovation Application Architect - PNC Financial Services Group - Pittsburgh, PA | Dice.com",
    "Hash": "0A9765C6B7F78CD15AC80FB933A70596",
    "Url": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr.-Innovation-Application-Architect-PNC-Financial-Services-Group-Pittsburgh-PA-15289/appblok/18_R025694",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-20",
    "DomainId": "dice",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Toggle navigation Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Home / Search / Job Details Sr. Innovation Application Architect PNC Financial Services Group, Pittsburgh, PA 18 minutes ago Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Reported Report a poor listing Save Apply Now Report Select one of the choices below and input Explanation. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Misrepresented job Pays below market level Not a real job Position no longer available Other Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit) Cancel Submit Rate Select one of the choices below. Seems Resource already exists. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Positive Neutral Negative Cancel Submit × Create an Email Alert Search Terms:  Sr. Innovation Application Architect Edit Skill:  Java,JavaScript,Python,Web,API Pittsburgh, PA Search Terms Please enter a search term. Done Skill Please enter a skill. Location Please enter a location. Email Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com). Create Alert Java, JavaScript, Python, Web, API, Risk Management, Analytical, Application, Development, IT, Architecture, Software Full Time Travel not required Job Description Job Profile Position Overview Do you have a vision for how financial services can improve people's everyday lives? Are you skilled at making what could be a reality, instead of iterating what has been? Are you entrepreneurial, with an action-disposition? As a member of the Enterprise Innovation team you will develop edge technologies through pattern-matching to craft and test compelling, usable and productive solutions for our users. Blockchain, artificial intelligence and machine learning, microservices architectures and IoT are within our solution set, as well as agile development, product management, design thinking and human-centered design approaches. You will thrive inside a dynamic work environment that empowers your ability to explore emerging technologies, changing the way financial industries do business and driving the education of this ever-changing market. Primary job responsibilities \u2022 Lead the technical solution for the team's proofs-of-concept, prototypes and eventual end products or solutions. \u2022 Team up with PNC Bank stakeholders, third-party partners, fintechs, software vendors, and academia to design and build innovative prototypes and solutions that tackle real-time issues and advance the core of how we do business. \u2022 Regularly take abstract, early-stage product or solution concepts, and build them with technology. \u2022 Work along a strong design thinking team, and be an expert in using technology to advocate for the customer. \u2022 Facilitate software ideation and design sessions to rapidly identify solutions, align stakeholders and drive timely and achievable results. Successful candidates will demonstrate the following skills: \u2022 Must have hands-on development and delivery experience with multiple programming languages, primarily Java and with working knowledge of others including Go, C/C++/C#, JavaScript, Angular, Node, Python \u2022 Must have cloud-based infrastructure and architecture solutions, including Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, and/or Google Cloud Platform \u2022 Expertise with modern, Agile-based application development methodologies and emerging technologies like microservices, API management, web-scale architectures, DevOps engineering, container-based delivery, cloud automation, TDD, BDD, continuous integration (CI), and CD. \u2022 Experience in collaborating and working alongside executive-level and senior-level partner stakeholders \u2022 Proven success facilitating software design and ideation sessions \u2022 Demonstrated understanding of relational and NoSQL database models, and \"big data\" analysis tools and techniques \u2022 Working knowledge of Blockchain-based technologies, business applications, languages and design patterns Job Description Leads in the overall design of cross-functional, multi-platform, and Web-based application systems; oversees all application system processes. Develops application architecture and blueprints aimed at reflecting enterprise business logic. Defines application components, platforms, interfaces, and development tools. Directs mapping activities on specific technology platforms. Provides technical guidance to application development teams. Consults on integration and conversion activities. Conducts reviews, and analyses organizational needs and goals to develop and implement applications. PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. Competencies Analytical Thinking - Knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis and the ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions that resolve the problems in the best interest of the business. Application Development Tools - Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications. Industry Knowledge - Knowledge of the organization's industry group, trends, directions, major issues, regulatory considerations, and trendsetters; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. IT Architecture - Knowledge of and ability to design and improve organizational IT structures and blueprints in order to better support business operations and efficiently achieve organizational objectives. Platform Architecture - Knowledge of technologies and methods to design processing mechanisms and roadmaps to execute business application systems; ability to design these roadmaps and deploy supportive interfaces for end-users to access related systems, in accordance with standards and processes. Products and Services - Knowledge of major products and services and product and service groups; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. Service Oriented Architecture Technologies - Knowledge of the technologies used to enable excellent IT service for business clients; ability to develop, implement and support a variety of such technologies. Software Process Improvement (SPI) - Knowledge of formal software process improvement disciplines, and ability to assess and improve the quality and operating costs associated with an existing application. Work Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree. Higher level education such as a Masters degree, PhD, or certifications is desirable. Industry relevant experience is typically 8+ years. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. Education Bachelors Disability Accommodations Statement: The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com. The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO): PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law. California Residents Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices. Save Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Contact the job poster Recruiter Posted By Pittsburgh, PA, 15289 PNC Financial Services Group, Contact the job poster Recruiter Dice Id : appblok Position Id : 18_R025694 Originally Posted : 3 months ago Have a Job? Post it Similar Positions Software Architect TEK Connexion Pittsburgh, PA Software Architect Software Engineering Institute Pittsburgh, PA Enterprise Architect Computer Enterprises, Inc. Pittsburgh, PA View more jobs like this Enterprise Architect Sirius Computer Solutions Inc Pittsburgh, PA Senior Application Developer Apex Systems Pittsburgh, PA Senior Software Engineer (Springboot) RPC Solutions LLC Pittsburgh, PA Business Architect CGI Pittsburgh, PA Senior Systems Software Engineer Micro Focus LLC Pittsburgh, PA Senior Software Engineer SGS Consulting Pittsburgh, PA Lead Java Development Architect Kforce Technology Staffing Coraopolis, PA Sr. Software Engineer CGT Staffing Pittsburgh, PA Software Developer Lead (digital MIS) Kelly IT Pittsburgh, PA DevOps Architect Eliassen Group Canonsburg, PA Applications Engineering Manager Attain Pittsburgh, PA View less jobs like this × More About Dice Salary Predictions Where does this estimate come from? Dice predicts salary ranges based on the job title, location, and skills listed in individual job descriptions. In addition, we factor in the five most common skills associated with this job title. Our proprietary machine-learning algorithm uses more than 600,000 data points to make its predictions. To get the most accurate prediction of the salary you might earn, customize the prediction in your Dice profile. Actual salary offered by employer may vary. How was this salary estimate calculated? Dice's predictive salary model is a proprietary machine-learning algorithm. Unlike many other salary tools that require a critical mass of reported salaries for a given combination of job title, location and experience, the Dice model can make accurate predictions on even uncommon combinations of job factors. The model does this by recognizing patterns in the more than 600,000 salary data points to infer how much each factor - job title, location, experience, education, and skills - will impact the salary. Have more questions? Check out our FAQ section. Close × Email this Job Your Name Recipient's Email Message * Privacy Policy  Send Email Easy Apply Step 1 of 3 × Sr. Innovation Application Architect PNC Financial Services Group | Pittsburgh, PA Name Your first name is required Your last name is required Résumé Select a Résumé Loading Choose one Résumé Manage your Résumé at Dice.com Upload a Résumé Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB Cover Letter (optional) Select a cover letter Loading Choose one cover letter Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com Compose a cover letter *HTML formatting in cover letters is not supported. *HTML formatting in cover letters is not supported. You Are ... Applying for yourself A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.) Please choose one of the above options What other type of jobs are you most interested in? Select Employment Type Full-Time Part-Time Contracts Contract - Independent Contract - W2 C2H Independent C2H W2 Third Party Contract - Corp-to-Corp Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp Choose Employment Type   Select Work Authorization US Citizen Canadian Citizen Green Card Holder Need H1 Visa Have H1 Visa Employment Auth. Document TN Permit Holder Choose Work Authorization   Captcha * Privacy Policy Continue Apply Now Easy Apply Step 2 of 3 × Questionnaire *All fields are required * Privacy Policy Apply Now Continue Back Easy Apply Step 3 of 3 × Questionnaire *All fields are required * Privacy Policy Apply Now Back × Success. Your application is on its way. Would you like to hear about new and unlisted job opportunities? All set - your profile is now Visible Your profile is not Visible to employers and recruiters searching Dice. Employers and recruiters searching Dice will now be able to find you in their candidate searches. Be sure you've removed your email address from your resume to control how recruiters contact you. Profile Visibility: Note: By turning your Profile Visibility on, you are consenting to Dice sharing your profile with recruiters and employers. Don't worry - your personal email address won't be shared. Learn More Thanks for applying for the position of Sr. Innovation Application Architect with PNC Financial Services Group through Dice. Check out similar opportunities Done View more positions × Your application has been submitted Sr. Innovation Application Architect PNC Financial Services Group Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in . Register Sign In {{getstartedsignintitle}} Email Please enter a valid email. Password 8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter. Sign In Forgot Password? Close {{getstartedregistertitle}} {{errorMsg}} Enter first name Enter last name This email is already registered. Want to sign in or recover your password? Enter a valid email. Looks like you already have an employer account, Please log in here 8 characters min. with at least 1 number & 1 letter. Passwords must match. Dice Communications Get latest jobs, product announcements and studies By clicking \"Register\", you agree with Dice's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Register Loading... Close Dice Learn About Dice About Us Contact Sales Contact Us Media Privacy Policy CCPA Do Not Sell My Personal Information Work at Dice Dice Services Browse Jobs Browse Companies Browse Salaries Skills Center Social Recruiting Support Dice Everywhere Twitter Facebook App Store Google Play Copyright ©1990 - 2020 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions. Dice is a DHI Service Sign In To Use This Feature Email Please enter a valid email. Password 8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter. Forgot Password? Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Register ï¿½ Cookies on Dice WHAT ARE COOKIES? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE? We use two types of cookies on our website: 'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies, which only exist in the period you access the website (or more strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website). Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and cannot be used to identify you. 'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly generated number). WHY DO WE USE COOKIES? To tailor our website so that it meets your specific needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website. We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions. Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find out more about how these cookies are used click here. To present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo! (including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this information to help us monitor the performance of our online marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites, please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy. In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site will perform for you. MANAGING YOUR COOKIES Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user experience from our website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Amending your cookie settings is different in different browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your settings in the most popular browsers below: OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you are using when you click the \"Opt out\" button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/ OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be enabled for the opt-out to function. Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not all cookies set by overture.com. How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable cookies Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies' Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set' Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select 'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select 'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you navigate to' Close I Accept You're browsing Dice UK You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on. Continue to Dice UK Return to Dice US Skip × It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423) Continue with the new site Close"
}