{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-cryptocurrency-jobs",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Chief-Information-Security-Officer-Huxley-Banking-%26-Financial-Services-Greenwich-CT-06830/10208648/HA33500702%26%2345346",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Chief-Information-Security-Officer-Huxley-Banking-%26-Financial-Services-Greenwich-CT-06830/10208648/HA33500702%26%2345805",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/General-Product-Manager-Mindsource-Inc-San-Francisco-CA-94101/minds/6502130",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Payment-Partnerships-Manager-Mindsource-Inc-San-Francisco-CA-94101/minds/6578080",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-PHP-Developer-Jobot-Venice-FL-34284/91113390/126773512",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-PHP-Developer-Jobot-Venice-FL-34284/91113390/312026236",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr-C-Programming-Engineer-ConsultNet%2C-LLC-Cottonwood-Heights-UT-84047/cxcnetut/20%26%234500548",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr.-to-Lead-Front-End-Engineer-%26%2345-top-tier-Blockchain-startup-Skyrocket-Ventures-San-Francisco-CA-94101/10366547/6376150",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Technical-Program-Manager-%26%2345-Mandarin-Speaker-Mindsource-Inc-San-Francisco-CA-94101/minds/6431464",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/UX-Writer-Trading-Mindsource-Inc-San-Francisco-CA-94101/minds/6170261"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Top 11 cryptocurrency jobs, Now Hiring | Dice.com",
    "Hash": "1383CCA57980BA0F1C84E5B3674F2454",
    "Url": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-cryptocurrency-jobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "dice",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Toggle navigation Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Your account has successfully been deleted. We're sorry to see you go! Hide this message Filter Results Filter Reset Reset Company Segment Recruiter DirectHire Title Chief Information Security Off Senior PHP Developer General Product Manager Payment Partnerships Manager Principal Security Engineer more Sr C Programming Engineer Sr. to Lead Front End Engineer Technical Program Manager - Ma UX Writer Trading less Location San Francisco, CA Greenwich, CT Venice, FL Austin, TX Cottonwood Heights, UT Company Mindsource Inc Huxley Banking & Financial Ser Jobot Bravo Technical Resources ConsultNet, LLC Employment Type Full-Time Part-Time Contracts Contract Independent Contract W2 C2H Independent C2H W2 Third Party Contract Corp-To-Corp C2H Corp-To-Corp Work From Home Available Yes cryptocurrency jobs Create Job Alert cryptocurrency jobs 11 positions Filter Create Job Alert 11 positions 1 Sort by: relevance | date | distance M Technical Program Manager -... Role: Technical Program Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent As a Program Manager, you will lead a Role: Technical Program Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent As a Program Manager, you will lead a Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA CA 94101 San Francisco, CA 3 days ago 2020-07-09T21:08:13Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X S Sr. to Lead Front End Engineer -... Skyrocket Ventures is a recruiting firm for hundreds of high growth technology companies that range from industry leaders to top-tier Skyrocket Ventures is a recruiting firm for hundreds of high growth technology companies that range from industry leaders to top-tier Skyrocket Ventures Skyrocket Ventures San Francisco, CA CA 94101 San Francisco, CA 2 weeks ago 2020-06-26T19:30:17Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X M General Product Manager Experience the professionalism and respect you deserve from MindSource, Inc. Where we concentrate on YOU! Contribute your simple ideas... Experience the professionalism and respect you deserve from MindSource, Inc. Where we concentrate on YOU! Contribute your simple ideas... Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA CA 94101 San Francisco, CA 2 days ago 2020-07-10T20:30:56Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X J Senior PHP Developer Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Jobot Jobot Venice, FL FL 34284 Venice, FL 22 hours ago 2020-07-12T00:16:35Z YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X J Senior PHP Developer Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Jobot Jobot Venice, FL FL 34284 Venice, FL 22 hours ago 2020-07-12T00:17:08Z YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X M Payment Partnerships Manager Title: Payment Partnerships Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent Interview mode: Phone and Skype We are... Title: Payment Partnerships Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent Interview mode: Phone and Skype We are... Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA CA 94101 San Francisco, CA 3 days ago 2020-07-09T21:08:14Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X M UX Writer Trading MindSource thrives on placing the best kept secrets in the Bay Area! You can be certain that your experience with MindSource thrives on placing the best kept secrets in the Bay Area! You can be certain that your experience with Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA CA 94101 San Francisco, CA 1 week ago 2020-07-02T19:45:29Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X B Principal Security Engineer Principal Security Engineer Austin, TX Position Overview: From software hacking to hardware hacking, we help secure everything from... Principal Security Engineer Austin, TX Position Overview: From software hacking to hardware hacking, we help secure everything from... Bravo Technical Resources Bravo Technical Resources Austin, TX TX 73301 Austin, TX 1 day ago 2020-07-11T20:16:51Z YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X C Sr C Programming Engineer Sr C Programming Engineer Location: Cottonwood Heights, UT Start Date: Feb 24, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Sr C Programming Engineer Location: Cottonwood Heights, UT Start Date: Feb 24, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts ConsultNet, LLC ConsultNet, LLC Cottonwood Heights, UT UT 84047 Cottonwood Heights, UT 1 day ago 2020-07-11T21:15:59Z YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X H Chief Information Security Officer What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o Huxley Banking & Financial Services Huxley Banking & Financial Services Greenwich, CT CT 06830 Greenwich, CT 12 minutes ago 2020-07-12T22:05:35Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X H Chief Information Security Officer What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o Huxley Banking & Financial Services Huxley Banking & Financial Services Greenwich, CT CT 06830 Greenwich, CT 12 minutes ago 2020-07-12T22:05:36Z Easy Apply YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS X 1 Similar Searches: SALARY PREDICTOR Estimated base salary using job title, location and skills Get Personalized Salary CAREER PATHS View Career Paths View Career Paths Are these results helpful to you? Yes | No SALARY PREDICTOR Estimated base salary using job title, location and skills Get Personalized Salary CAREER PATHS View Career Paths View Career Paths M Technical Program Manager -... Role: Technical Program Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent As a Program Manager, you will lead a Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA 3 days ago Easy Apply S Sr. to Lead Front End Engineer -... Skyrocket Ventures is a recruiting firm for hundreds of high growth technology companies that range from industry leaders to top-tier Skyrocket... Skyrocket Ventures San Francisco, CA 2 weeks ago Easy Apply M General Product Manager Experience the professionalism and respect you deserve from MindSource, Inc. Where we concentrate on YOU! Contribute your simple ideas... Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA 2 days ago Easy Apply J Senior PHP Developer Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Jobot Jobot Venice, FL 22 hours ago J Senior PHP Developer Quickly Growing Cryptocurrency Company Looking for a Senior Software Engineer!! This Jobot Job is hosted by: Collin Waldmann Are you Jobot Jobot Venice, FL 22 hours ago M Payment Partnerships Manager Title: Payment Partnerships Manager Location: San Francisco, CA Type of hire: Permanent Interview mode: Phone and Skype We are... Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA 3 days ago Easy Apply M UX Writer Trading MindSource thrives on placing the best kept secrets in the Bay Area! You can be certain that your experience with Mindsource Inc Mindsource Inc San Francisco, CA 1 week ago Easy Apply B Principal Security Engineer Principal Security Engineer Austin, TX Position Overview: From software hacking to hardware hacking, we help secure everything from... Bravo... Bravo Technical Resources Austin, TX 1 day ago C Sr C Programming Engineer Sr C Programming Engineer Location: Cottonwood Heights, UT Start Date: Feb 24, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts ConsultNet, LLC ConsultNet, LLC Cottonwood Heights, UT 1 day ago H Chief Information Security Officer What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o Huxley Banking... Huxley Banking & Financial Services Greenwich, CT 12 minutes ago Easy Apply H Chief Information Security Officer What you'll do: * Designing, implementing, and leading security and risk management programs such as: o Information Security Policy o Huxley Banking... Huxley Banking & Financial Services Greenwich, CT 12 minutes ago Easy Apply Are these results helpful to you? Yes | No × Not Interested This action will hide this job from your search results. We will also hide the same job if it is reported by the same Employer. You can manage your 'Saved' and 'Not Interested' jobs from the jobs section of your dashboard. × Create an alert Search Terms Please enter a search term. Email Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).  Create Alert × More About Dice Salary Predictions Where does this estimate come from? Dice predicts salary ranges based on the job title, location, and skills listed in individual job descriptions. Our proprietary machine-learning algorithm uses more than 600,000 data points to make its predictions. To get the most accurate prediction of the salary you might earn, customize the prediction in your Dice profile. Actual salary offered by employer may vary. How was this salary estimate calculated? Dice's predictive salary model is a proprietary machine-learning algorithm. Unlike many other salary tools that require a critical mass of reported salaries for a given combination of job title, location and experience, the Dice model can make accurate predictions on even uncommon combinations of job factors. The model does this by recognizing patterns in the more than 600,000 salary data points to infer how much each factor - job title, location, experience, education, and skills - will impact the salary. Have more questions? Check out our FAQ section. Close Dice Learn About Dice About Us Contact Sales Contact Us Media Privacy Policy CCPA Do Not Sell My Personal Information Work at Dice Dice Services Browse Jobs Browse Companies Browse Salaries Skills Center Social Recruiting Support Dice Everywhere Twitter Facebook App Store Google Play Copyright ©1990 - 2020 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions. Dice is a DHI Service Sign In To Use This Feature Email Please enter a valid email. Password 8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter. Forgot Password? Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Register ï¿½ Cookies on Dice WHAT ARE COOKIES? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE? We use two types of cookies on our website: 'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies, which only exist in the period you access the website (or more strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website). Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and cannot be used to identify you. 'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly generated number). WHY DO WE USE COOKIES? To tailor our website so that it meets your specific needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website. We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions. Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find out more about how these cookies are used click here. To present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo! (including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this information to help us monitor the performance of our online marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites, please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy. In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site will perform for you. MANAGING YOUR COOKIES Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user experience from our website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Amending your cookie settings is different in different browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your settings in the most popular browsers below: OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you are using when you click the \"Opt out\" button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/ OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be enabled for the opt-out to function. Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not all cookies set by overture.com. How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable cookies Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies' Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set' Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select 'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select 'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you navigate to' Close I Accept You're browsing Dice UK You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on. Continue to Dice UK Return to Dice US Skip × It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423) Continue with the new site"
}