{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-blockchain-jobs",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/AWS-ENGINEER-Digital-Intelligence-Systems%2C-LLC-Herndon-VA-20171/10110693c/6560066",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/AWS-Operations-Engineer-Confidential-Company-Washington-DC-20520/91085713/6551292",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/AWS-Systems-Administrator-Leidos-Chantilly-VA-20151/SCNCAPI2/R%26%234500029368",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Architect%26%2347-Cloud-Strategy-%28Contract-to-Hire%29-ALTA-IT-Services-Falls-Church-VA-22040/COMPHLP/6389345",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-DevOps-Engineer-Tantus-Technologies%2C-Inc-Washington-D.c.-DC-/RTX157386/6552246",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Development-Engineer%2C-Senior-Booz-Allen-Hamilton-Washington-DC-20001/booz/R0063832",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-Alta-Via-Consulting%2C-LLC-Arlington-Virginia-/90933280/Cloud%26%2332Engineer",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-Apex-Systems-Alexandria-VA-22301/apexsan/1069247",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-DIVERSANT%2C-LLC.-Herndon-VA-20170/infotny/6561277",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-Eliassen-Group-Alexandria-VA-22314/cxelisen/337262",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-International-Solutions-Group-Tysons-Corner-VA-22102/10120894/RS%26%2345052020",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Datacenter%26%2347Cloud-Engineer-NTT-DATA-Corporation-Falls-Church-VA-22040/appblok/9615_637461000",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Senior-Cloud-Engineer-%26%2345-278-HII-Mission-Driven-Innovative-Solutions-Springfield%2C-Va%2C-Us--22312/10116608/278%26%234533058323",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Sr.-Cloud-Infrastructure-Engineer-Datanomics-Rockville-MD-20847/DATANOM/6380484",
        "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Systems-and-Cloud-Engineer-RedJack-Silver-Spring-MD-20910/906563BA/120469610"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/q-blockchain-jobs",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Cloud Engineer - Alta Via Consulting, LLC - Arlington, Virginia | Dice.com",
    "Hash": "BCADFA194CE93EBD80567F6F5C6FA9F1",
    "Url": "https://www.dice.com/jobs/detail/Cloud-Engineer-Alta-Via-Consulting%2C-LLC-Arlington-Virginia-/90933280/Cloud%26%2332Engineer",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-20",
    "DomainId": "dice",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Toggle navigation Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Tech Careers Job Search Skills Center Dice Careers Mobile Career Explorer Salary Predictor Career Paths Career Toolkit Articles Insights For Employers Post Jobs Talent Solutions Resource Library Login/Register Home / Search / Job Details Cloud Engineer Alta Via Consulting, LLC, Arlington, Virginia 1 week ago Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Reported Report a poor listing Save Apply Now Report Select one of the choices below and input Explanation. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Misrepresented job Pays below market level Not a real job Position no longer available Other Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit) Cancel Submit Rate Select one of the choices below. Seems Resource already exists. Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later. Positive Neutral Negative Cancel Submit × Create an Email Alert Search Terms:  Cloud Engineer Edit Skill:  Amazon Web Services,Architecture,Cloud,Consulting,Cyber security Arlington, Virginia Search Terms Please enter a search term. Done Skill Please enter a skill. Location Please enter a location. Email Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com). Create Alert Amazon Web Services, Architecture, Cloud, Consulting, Cyber security, Cloud security, Enterprise services, TensorFlow, IoT, DevOps, Microsoft Windows Azure, SAP, Security clearance, Systems engineering, Blockchain, Artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Best practices Full Time $90,000+ Travel not required Job Description CLOUD SOLUTIONS ENGINEER  Must have active \"Secret\" security clearance. Alta Via Consulting is a rapidly growing consulting firm that thrives in helping clients bridge business modelling and information technology into effective decision support tools. With offices in the US, Europe and Africa, our company slogan \u201cA Better Use of Information\u201d remains at the forefront of Alta Via Consulting\u2019s strategy. We have provided solutions globally to companies like Hershey\u2019s, Union Pacific, TTX, Sam Adam\u2019s, McCormick Spices, Coca Cola Bottling, the IRS and US ARMY. Benefits With unlimited Paid Time Off, our employees enjoy a healthy work life balance. Additionally, Alta Via offers a robust benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k) plans and Tuition Reimbursement upon tenure.  Position Description Create the enterprise technical cloud systems engineering designs for moving Systems (ERP's and Non-ERP's) into Cloud. Review, monitor and report on the planned technical systems engineering cloud designs to ensure they meet the needs of the functional community at every acquisition life cycle stage. Create the technical cloud systems engineering designs of consolidating and harmonizing the data from the systems in the cloud for analytics and other enterprise services. Ensure that the selected AI/ML tools support multiple coding languages like Python, R etc. and multiple frameworks like TensorFlow, MxNet etc. Design AI (Machine and Deep Learning), IoT, Blockchain and data science convergence strategies at the enterprise level on cloud infrastructures to enable actionable insights for decision makers in real-time. Create the technical systems engineering designs for an integrated Lab environment in the Cloud. Lead the technical modernization of systems infrastructure by integrating with cloud native modern ERP tools. Develop standards and best practices for estimating cloud demand and capacity planning. Develop best practices for DevOps for application orchestration, automation and business value creation. Develop standards and best practices in DevSecOps for cybersecurity and data protection purposes.  Design hybrid multi-cloud infrastructure strategy for the portfolio of systems. Position Requirements Experience with architecting cloud solutions at an enterprise level. Experience with migrating On-Premise systems into AWS or Azure. Knowledge of Virtual Network Boundaries and cloud security architecture. Cloud Solutions Architect certification in AWS or Azure. Knowledge of available cloud native tools in AWS & Azure and the ability to know which tools would be best fit based on the business requirement. Experience with standing up lab environment in the cloud to include ERP as well as Non-ERP tools. Knowledge of Gov Cloud common services architecture and integration points. Knowledge of cloud hosting cost structure and how the different solutioning options would impact the bill to the customer. Knowledge of the steps that need to be followed to successfully migrate systems into the cloud. Active Secret Clearance. Local or willing to be local to DC metro area. Desired  Experience with SAP systems.  Experience with creating presentations for executive leadership.  Experience with in-direct management of resources to get updates and track project progress. Experience with creating documentation for best practices that need to be followed as the systems are migrated to cloud. Alta Via Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer and VEVRAA Federal Contractor. This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their age, race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, ancestry, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Alta Via welcomes minority and veteran applicants.    Save Apply Now Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Create Alert Save Toggle Dropdown Email Contact the job poster Recruiter Alta Via Consulting, LLC, Contact the job poster Recruiter Dice Id : 90933280 Position Id : Cloud Engineer Originally Posted : 3 months ago Have a Job? Post it Similar Positions Cloud Engineer DIVERSANT, LLC. Herndon, VA Cloud Engineer International Solutions Group Tysons Corner, VA Cloud Engineer Apex Systems Alexandria, VA View more jobs like this Cloud Engineer Eliassen Group Alexandria, VA Cloud DevOps Engineer Tantus Technologies, Inc Washington D.c., DC AWS Systems Administrator Leidos Chantilly, VA AWS ENGINEER Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC Herndon, VA Senior Cloud Engineer - 278 HII Mission Driven Innovative Solutions Springfield, Va, Us Sr. Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Datanomics Rockville, MD Systems and Cloud Engineer RedJack Silver Spring, MD Datacenter/Cloud Engineer NTT DATA Corporation Falls Church, VA Cloud Architect/ Cloud Strategy (Contract to Hire) ALTA IT Services Falls Church, VA Cloud Development Engineer, Senior Booz Allen Hamilton Washington, DC AWS Operations Engineer Confidential Company Washington, DC View less jobs like this × More About Dice Salary Predictions Where does this estimate come from? Dice predicts salary ranges based on the job title, location, and skills listed in individual job descriptions. In addition, we factor in the five most common skills associated with this job title. Our proprietary machine-learning algorithm uses more than 600,000 data points to make its predictions. To get the most accurate prediction of the salary you might earn, customize the prediction in your Dice profile. Actual salary offered by employer may vary. How was this salary estimate calculated? Dice's predictive salary model is a proprietary machine-learning algorithm. Unlike many other salary tools that require a critical mass of reported salaries for a given combination of job title, location and experience, the Dice model can make accurate predictions on even uncommon combinations of job factors. The model does this by recognizing patterns in the more than 600,000 salary data points to infer how much each factor - job title, location, experience, education, and skills - will impact the salary. Have more questions? Check out our FAQ section. Close × Email this Job Your Name Recipient's Email Message * Privacy Policy  Send Email Easy Apply Step 1 of 3 × Cloud Engineer Alta Via Consulting, LLC | Arlington, Virginia Name Your first name is required Your last name is required Résumé Select a Résumé Loading Choose one Résumé Manage your Résumé at Dice.com Upload a Résumé Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB Cover Letter (optional) Select a cover letter Loading Choose one cover letter Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com Compose a cover letter *HTML formatting in cover letters is not supported. *HTML formatting in cover letters is not supported. You Are ... Applying for yourself A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.) Please choose one of the above options What other type of jobs are you most interested in? Select Employment Type Full-Time Part-Time Contracts Contract - Independent Contract - W2 C2H Independent C2H W2 Third Party Contract - Corp-to-Corp Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp Choose Employment Type   Select Work Authorization US Citizen Canadian Citizen Green Card Holder Need H1 Visa Have H1 Visa Employment Auth. Document TN Permit Holder Choose Work Authorization   Captcha * Privacy Policy Continue Apply Now Easy Apply Step 2 of 3 × Questionnaire *All fields are required * Privacy Policy Apply Now Continue Back Easy Apply Step 3 of 3 × Questionnaire *All fields are required * Privacy Policy Apply Now Back × Success. Your application is on its way. Would you like to hear about new and unlisted job opportunities? All set - your profile is now Visible Your profile is not Visible to employers and recruiters searching Dice. Employers and recruiters searching Dice will now be able to find you in their candidate searches. Be sure you've removed your email address from your resume to control how recruiters contact you. Profile Visibility: Note: By turning your Profile Visibility on, you are consenting to Dice sharing your profile with recruiters and employers. Don't worry - your personal email address won't be shared. Learn More Thanks for applying for the position of Cloud Engineer with Alta Via Consulting, LLC through Dice. Check out similar opportunities Done View more positions × Your application has been submitted Cloud Engineer Alta Via Consulting, LLC Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in . Register Sign In {{getstartedsignintitle}} Email Please enter a valid email. Password 8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter. Sign In Forgot Password? Close {{getstartedregistertitle}} {{errorMsg}} Enter first name Enter last name This email is already registered. Want to sign in or recover your password? Enter a valid email. Looks like you already have an employer account, Please log in here 8 characters min. with at least 1 number & 1 letter. Passwords must match. Dice Communications Get latest jobs, product announcements and studies By clicking \"Register\", you agree with Dice's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Register Loading... Close Dice Learn About Dice About Us Contact Sales Contact Us Media Privacy Policy CCPA Do Not Sell My Personal Information Work at Dice Dice Services Browse Jobs Browse Companies Browse Salaries Skills Center Social Recruiting Support Dice Everywhere Twitter Facebook App Store Google Play Copyright ©1990 - 2020 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions. Dice is a DHI Service Sign In To Use This Feature Email Please enter a valid email. Password 8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter. Forgot Password? Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Register ï¿½ Cookies on Dice WHAT ARE COOKIES? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE? We use two types of cookies on our website: 'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies, which only exist in the period you access the website (or more strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website). Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and cannot be used to identify you. 'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly generated number). WHY DO WE USE COOKIES? To tailor our website so that it meets your specific needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website. We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions. Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find out more about how these cookies are used click here. To present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo! (including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this information to help us monitor the performance of our online marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites, please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy. In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site will perform for you. MANAGING YOUR COOKIES Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user experience from our website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Amending your cookie settings is different in different browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your settings in the most popular browsers below: OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you are using when you click the \"Opt out\" button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/ OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be enabled for the opt-out to function. Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not all cookies set by overture.com. How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable cookies Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies' Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set' Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select 'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select 'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you navigate to' Close I Accept You're browsing Dice UK You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on. Continue to Dice UK Return to Dice US Skip × It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423) Continue with the new site Close"
}