{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-08-01",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=k4SI-Sg5z3C3ORWt7ztQ9suDsFdzts7JYlTSzguBMf4oNNJ_FG8NPNMRgrQB9IK9mmCeFVGXJ7HqPxn3vNQMqAvpntfKCkdnxmb85tzkCC6RcnvexXOkKNKYBnF7r2vFuWJd630DQuRUx1mDIdFJ3Re_KU3LWFYuKDrGs_aXF5ApoN8OcS9FEWGjHUPlvdrhpOQ",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgRuPv-AJKZjcwqQ5NSd-KXRpy3CN_1CvVbTIVjIBHfNgLA9pC9ixdGgNLISWMlpuBNWfQuXoffAh3RE7PBGSkMF_F2N20j3lmT6F0RCmSZOI4zqTM33nzXo21NUi1_uX7Ee4G07QSDn6f3x4t46K1e8R-0gE",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "CSP 911 POLICE DISPATCH - DENVER - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Denver, CO",
    "Hash": "21A763C5F607C2D826F8C7C797FEC2E3",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " CSP 911 POLICE DISPATCH - DENVER State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Denver, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time$3,400 - $3,800 a month16 hours ago Benefits Life Insurance Disability Insurance Dental Insurance 401(k) Tuition Reimbursement Qualifications Certified Safety Professional Writing Skills Certified Court Reporter Interviewing High School Diploma or GED Full Job Description Department Information This position is open only to Colorado state residents. This recruitment will be used to fill vacancies at the Denver Regional Communications Center at the entry-level (no prior experience required) and at the Technician level (one year of prior dispatch experience required). Please only apply if you will accept a position working in Denver, CO. Our Mission - Engaged employees working together to safeguard lives and to provide diverse public safety services to local communities. Our Vision - Creating safer and more resilient communities across Colorado. Our Core Values in Action - Unity: Reach Out Honor: Speak Up Service: Pitch In Visit our website to learn more about the work we do to keep Colorado Safe! https://www.colorado.gov/publicsafety ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT The Colorado Department of Public Safety (CDPS) consists of five Divisions: Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Colorado State Patrol (CSP), Division of Criminal Justice (DCJ), Division of Fire Prevention and Control (DFPC), and the Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management (DHSEM). The Executive Director's Office (EDO) provides administrative and management services to the operating divisions of the department. COLORADO STATE PATROL The mission of the Colorado State Patrol is to ensure a safe and secure environment for all persons by utilizing the strengths of its members and providing professional law enforcement services that reflect honor, duty, and respect. Through high visibility, strict enforcement, maximum resource deployment, and community education, the CSP promotes safety, protects lives, and preserves state highways using the programs described below: Traffic Safety - enforces motor vehicle and all other Colorado laws on 8,400 miles of highway and 57,000 miles of county roads, including selective enforcement actions, saturation patrols, crash investigations, and educational safety programs. Communications - provides a professional communications system for members of the Patrol, other states, local, and federal agencies, and Colorado residents. Criminal Interdiction and Automobile Theft - proactively investigates motor vehicle theft and related offenses, inspects Vehicle Identification Numbers, interdicts illegal drugs, and gathers intelligence to support state and national homeland security efforts. Hazardous Materials Enforcement - enforces permitting and routing rules, develops safe transportation rules and regulations, and provides timely response and mitigation for hazardous materials events on-roadways. Executive and Capitol Security - provides 24-hour security at the State Capitol and Capitol Complex, and security for the Governor, First Family, visiting dignitaries, and public demonstrations. Smuggling and Trafficking Interdiction Section - enforces the state's human smuggling and human trafficking laws on Colorado roadways. Port of Entry and Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program - collaborates with industry to support safe transport of materials on commercial motor carriers in Colorado. Aircraft Program - supports traffic enforcement activities and transports state officials and employees. Victims Assistance - provides direct services to victims of highway traffic crimes in accordance with the Victim Rights Act WHY JOIN US Our employees are proud of their work and believe their work is important and valued by the public. Our supervisors do a great job managing employees, providing clear expectations, treating employees with respect, and providing timely feedback. We value a high work-life balance. CDPS is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome the diversity of backgrounds and ideas. Excellent work-life programs, training, and professional development opportunities; Retirement benefits including PERA Defined Benefit Plan or PERA Defined Contribution Plan plus 401K and 457 plans; Medical and dental options (for permanent employees and their dependents). Short and optional long-term disability coverage 10 paid holidays per year plus vacation and sick leave. Employee Assistance Program (C-SEAP) available in every region of the state. Subsidized RTD FlexPass and free parking at most work locations. Reduced college tuition (CSU Global, DeVry University, University of the Rockies) CDPS Tuition Reimbursement Program. Life insurance that includes legal resources and discounts. For a complete review of the benefits we offer, please click on this link. The CDPS is a drug-free workplace that values a diverse and inclusive workforce Description of Job Police Communication Intern position duties Police Communication Interns are non-sworn telecommunication specialists who are provided paid, on-the-job training to become a Police Communication Technician (duties listed below). Police Communication Technician position duties Police Communication Technicians are non-sworn telecommunication specialists who provide a \"life-line\" to law enforcement officer's from the many different agencies for whom the CSP provides dispatch services. The Communication Officer Technician operates at a fully operational level. This position requires previous experience in operating radio consoles and computer terminals to receive, record, and transmit police communications. Police Communication Technicians are trained to operate highly complex computers and communications equipment. They provide information and assistance to the citizens of Colorado and those visiting our state. These positions make decisions that are critical to the outcome of emergency situations. The information that is provided by them to field personnel is necessary for appropriate enforcement actions and is often vital to the safety of first responders. These positions work independently and are under continuous public scrutiny. They must deal with citizens from various socio-ethnic backgrounds, often in very stressful situations. Position requires the ability to empathize with others and provide a calm and professional response even when under extreme duress. This position requires exceptional listening skills and the ability to prioritize job duties, often in an environment where multiple emergency situations can occur simultaneously. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights Applicants must be a resident of the State of Colorado at the time application is submitted. Police Communication Intern (entry-level with paid on-the-job training) Must be 18 years of age, must be a Colorado resident (both military and civilian applicants), have a high school diploma or a G.E.D., type approximately 70 keystrokes per minute, be willing and able to work nights, weekends and holidays, and be able to communicate fluently in English and have a clear speaking voice. Police Communication Technician Requires all the conditions listed above, AND one (1) year full time 911 emergency dispatch experience. Necessary Special Requirements Applicants must be willing and able to pass an extensive background investigation, polygraph examination, medical physical, psychological examination, and drug screen. If you have used marijuana within the last 12 months or any other illegal drug within the last three years, you will be disqualified. The background investigation is based on the following criteria, including but not limited to: driving history, criminal behavior/history, alcohol use/behavior, drug use/behavior, and integrity. If you omit any material fact on your application, testing materials, or during the background interview or polygraph, you may be disqualified. If any disqualifying information is discovered at any stage of the selection process, you may be removed from consideration. If you fail to follow instructions during the polygraph exam you may be removed from the process. Highly Desirable: Bilingual skills including reading, writing and speaking fluently in Spanish, Russian, or other languages. CSP Communication Applicant Disqualification Considerations Integrity To be disqualified by an appointing authority upon admission or confirmation of: Theft or taken without permission of items, goods, and/or money (combined) of over $300 from an employer within the past 3 years (including military for personal gain). Soliciting, offering, paying or accepting a bribe as defined criminally in CRS (government official) An applicant who has served in any branch of the military and was discharged under Entry Level/Uncharacterized, with a discharge status of \"General,\" \"Other Than Honorable,\" \"Bad Conduct,\" or \"Dishonorable\" with 10 years after their date of discharge. To be considered under the totality of circumstances for disqualification by the appointing authority based on the circumstances and information. False, fabricated, incomplete, or intentionally omitted information that affects the candidate's application for consideration. Drug Behavior To be disqualified by an appointing authority upon admission or confirmation of: Any illegal use, purchase, distribution, cultivation, or possession of marijuana within the last 12 months. Any use, purchase, possession, manufacture, or distribution of illegal drugs, except for marijuana, within the past 5 years. Any illegal use, purchase, distribution, or manufacture of a controlled schedule I, II, or III drugs (as defined in C.R.S. 18-18-102) within the last 5 years. Use of any illegal drug, on or off duty, while employed as a law enforcement officer. Refusal to agree to submit to previous employers drug screening or drug testing as an employee within the past 5 years To be considered under the totality of circumstances for disqualification by the appointing authority based on the circumstances and information. Use or possession of illegal drugs beyond 5 years, the appointing authority should consider the frequency of the behavior, the quantity of the drugs involved, and the type of drug. The circumstances and frequency surrounding the illegal use of a prescription controlled schedule I, II, or III drugs (as defined in C.R.S. 18-18-102) within the last 5 years. Alcohol Behavior To be disqualified by an appointing authority upon admission or confirmation of: Unauthorized consumption of an alcoholic beverage while on \" duty as a law enforcement officer. Refusal to agree to submit to a previous employer alcohol testing as an employee within the past 5 years To be considered under the totality of circumstances for disqualification by the appointing authority based on the circumstances and information. Consideration is given to the circumstances and frequency of consumption during the attendance at conferences or events. Criminal Behavior To be disqualified by an appointing authority upon admission or confirmation of: Any felony conviction Any domestic violence conviction To be considered under the totality of circumstances for disqualification by the appointing authority based on the circumstances and information. Any incident of misdemeanor shoplifting or accessory to shoplifting, whether charged or not, within the past 3 years The circumstances and frequency of incident of a crime against a person, whether charged or not, within the past 3 years. Driving History To be disqualified by an appointing authority upon admission or confirmation of: Any DUI, DWAI, DUID conviction within the past 3 years Any incident of eluding or attempting to elude an emergency vehicle within the last 3 years whether charged or not. To be considered under the totality of circumstances for disqualification by the appointing authority based on the circumstances and information. Any license suspension/revocation within the last 3 years including FRA suspension. Any hit and run accident with damage to another party or injury, within the last 3 years whether reported or not. The circumstances and frequency of incident of a crime against a person, whether caught or not within the past 3 years. The circumstances and frequency of 3 or more convictions of moving traffic violations within the past 12 months and/or 5 or more convictions of moving traffic violations within the past 5 years (speeding, turning violations, following too closely, signaling violations, lane violations, right of way, etc.) FLSA status This position is non-exempt and is eligible for overtime pay. Applicants must be willing to accept compensatory time in lieu of overtime. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, a medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Colorado Department of Public Safety is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA 303.239.4544, monica.rameriz@state.co.us. ADAAA ACCOMMODATIONS: Any person with a disability as defined by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA) may be provided a reasonable accommodation upon request to enable the person to complete an employment assessment. To request an accommodation, please contact CDPS Human Resources at 303-239-4427 or CDPS_HR@state.co.us at least five business days before the assessment date to allow us to evaluate your request and prepare for the accommodation. You may be asked to provide additional information, including medical documentation, regarding functional limitations and the type of accommodation needed. Please ensure that you have this information available well in advance of the assessment date. Supplemental Information Notifications All correspondence regarding your status in the selection/examination process will be via email. Include your current working email address on your application and check your email frequently as you could receive time-sensitive correspondence regarding this position. We highly recommend that you set up your email to accept messages from \"state.co.us\" and \"info@governmentjobs.com\" addresses. It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email. Please note: your application and answers to the supplemental questions will be evaluated as a part of a comparative analysis process to determine a group of applicants that will proceed in the selection process for this position. If you are a military veteran you must submit a copy of your DD214 at the time of application so we can determine if you are eligible for veteran's preference points. For additional information about the selection process please visit our website at https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/csp/what-expect-during-selection-process Complete Applications must include the following documents: 1) A complete CDPS Application for Announced Vacancy (please submit online using the link in this announcement) 2) A complete Supplemental Questionnaire (must submit online as part of your application) 3) A copy of your official or unofficial transcript showing that your degree has been conferred and the name of your school, or your NACES accreditation 4) Detailed, Chronological Resume 5) A Cover Letter PLEASE READ CAREFULLY - RECRUITMENT TIMELINE INFORMATION Applications are considered complete and accurate at the time of submission. Therefore, additional information may not be solicited or accepted after your application has been received. All applications that are received by the closing of this announcement will be reviewed against the Minimum Qualifications in this announcement. Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications may proceed to the next step. Colorado Revised Statutes require that state employees are hired and promoted based on merit and fitness through a comparative analysis process. Candidates who have demonstrated that they meet the minimum qualifications for the Intern will be invited to take the first assessment the week of August 24-31, 2020. Qualified candidates will be invited to participate in Criticall assessment the week of September 1-8, 2020. Oral boards will be held the week of September 14-25, 2020. ",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/Z7cvl_OlO7zl14BBRvJr_JDrRET03dYtHIBXGg4jHm1FKmsjjqKzFg",
    "Location": "Denver, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "DENVER",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "16 hours ago"
}
