{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=XcbHWeyH6wekRwMDmCx8hf3HVtHEcBc0tUzs4hRRSOPBsqoATUSJQQ1Pd73jN8wlt-Pk3_OHbGrFvkRAl9YJJzihtd6HTRYtAP-yiR-zZ8fNad-vZ-05UkUfhmrbIU0S3tw9vKdoBo7qIJqZQmtBUMcd7-IaoABQu7tS2IRzLFq3Ept0_uHxBhbzHOdUfobzBBI",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/img_VnWBMQ2ZeJntFLBpGrM7wsXjDXJx7d16ulOu_dvma6-N793hgk8dXjHfZl1_WUl1wuOEEohh2NGhE6V1_riBrTUsIi6wpeCgrw2veCzN8MDml0nMHj1iOU6-uqr73oh5rd7hQ1MefeZfUb22NR5vbUnPQ0",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs/Denver-CO",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Librarian - US Department of Agriculture | Fort Collins, CO",
    "Hash": "3FE1CE562219E17FE7A88FDBA658AB9C",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/rOyeJYPpn0T6HhBL2UQHwy0aQVpYwr3HsTTg2PGVUDgxzIVSjmGofQ",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Librarian US Department of Agriculture - 4.1 Fort Collins, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$58,000 - $70,000 a year2 days ago Benefits Health Insurance Qualifications Cataloging Integrated Library System Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Master's Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary This employee supports the USDA National Forest Service Library (NFSL) which provides scientific and technical information services to the 35,000 employees of the USDA Forest Service. Duty station will be the Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fort Collins, CO Appointment is not to exceed 2 yr. May be extended for up to 4 yr based on workload and funding. For additional information about the duties of this position, please contact Thomas Moothart at 970-498-1310 or thomas.moothart@usda.gov Responsibilities Use library principles, concepts, methodology, operations, and management to serve information needs of the Forest Service and other customers. Investigate and evaluate software for library applications, such as cataloging, citation management, or circulation. Assist and instruct patrons on the content, nature, and use of library resources. Recommend suitable print and non-print media or selections for a library collection and determine those items suitable for removal from the collection. Respond to reference and research questions from library customers, whether in person, via e-mail, or telephone In response to information inquires, locate and perform information searches in other research library collections. Prepare specialized, annotated scientific bibliographies and guides. Use diverse information sources such as databases having a specialized structure, content, and access protocols to respond to reference and research queries Resolve problems related to the delivery of library electronic resources and the operation of library technology. Prepare exhibits and brochures and participate in public relations initiatives to promote the use of the library Instruct users in the use of library resources and services. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional overnight travel 1-2 times per year to attend training or conferences. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 11 Job family (Series) 1410 Librarian Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a U.S. Citizen or National. Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service or exempt. Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check. Successful completion of one-year trial period Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution. Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify. Qualifications In order to qualify, you must meet the eligibility and qualifications requirements as defined below by the closing date of the announcement. For more information on the qualifications for this position, visit the Office of Personnel Management's General Schedule Qualification Standards. Your application and resume must clearly show that you possess the experience requirements. Transcripts must be provided for qualifications based on education. Provide university course descriptions as necessary. All librarians must meet the requirements for professional education in library science or possess equivalent experience and education as shown below and at the following https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1400/librarian-series-1410/ Applicants must meet the requirements specified in paragraphs A or B below. Completion of 1 full academic year of graduate study in library science in an accredited college or university, in addition to completion of all work required for a bachelor's degree; OR A total of at least 5 years of a combination of college-level education, training, and experience. To qualify on this basis, the applicant must establish conclusively that the education, training, and experience provided a knowledge and understanding of the theories, principles, and techniques of professional librarianship; a knowledge of literature resources; and the knowledge and abilities essential for providing effective library and information services. Due to the scientific nature of the customers served, applicants possessing a background or coursework in the following fields are preferred: physical science, biological science, or social science. In addition to meeting the basic requirement, you must also possess experience and/or directly related education in the amounts listed below. Experience must have demonstrated the ability to perform, supervise, or direct one or more of the functional areas of work covered by this series; to understand the concepts, theories, new developments, and co-relationship of information in related fields; and to maintain up-to-date information on the state of the art. GS-9: Two full years of progressively higher-level graduate education or master's in library science or equivalent graduate degree, e.g., LL.B. or J.D., related to the position in fields or coursework such as library science or information science OR 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-7 in Federal service. Examples of specialized experience at his grade are the following: experience Performing cataloging of library materials in a variety of media formats or Providing reference, research and instructional assistance to library patrons. Conducting detailed subject or field specific database searches to create bibliographies OR A combination of specialized experience and education described above. Only graduate education in excess of 18 semester hours may be used to qualify for this grade level. For example: You have specialized experience as described above, but less than one year; and you have more than one year but less than 2 years of graduate education described above. To determine if you qualify, compute the percentage of the requirements that you meet, and determine if your total is at least 100% (To compute the percentage, divide your total months of qualifying experience by 12. Then divide your semester hours of graduate education over one year by 18. Add the two percentages. The total percentage must equal at least 100 percent to qualify. GS-11: Threefull years of progressively higher-level graduate education in library or information science or doctoral degree (Ph.D. or equivalent) related to the position OR at least 1-year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-9 in Federal service. Examples of specialized experience at this grade are the following: Serving as a lead or supervisor for a library in a mid-level academic institution Instructing others in database searching techniques for specialized purposes like scientific or technical research projects. Managing multiple library databases using standard off-the shelf software OR an appropriate combination of specialized experience and graduate level education described above. Only coursework beyond what is required for a master's degree (more than 36 semester hours leading to a Ph.D.) is creditable at this grade level. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education Additional information Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must meet the agency's definition for a quality candidate as provided in the How You Will Be Evaluated section of this announcement to be considered. The USDA Forest Service has legislative authority to recruit and fill Permanent (Career/Career-Conditional), Temporary, and Term Appointments under the USDA Demonstration Project. Under this authority, any U.S. citizen may apply. If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management. However, promotion is not guaranteed. This is a bargaining unit designated position. Forest Service daycare facilities are not available. Government Housing is not available This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications. You will be evaluated in accordance with the category rating procedure as defined in the USDA Demonstration Project Plan. Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements established for the position will be placed in the Eligible category. You will be further evaluated against criteria for placement in the Quality category. This evaluation is based on the level of your experience, education, and/or training as determined by your responses to the Assessment Questionnaire. Individuals with veterans' preference are listed ahead of applicants who do not have veterans' preference within each category. Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service. To view the application form, visit: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/10840585 Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Not Required Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Suitability/Fitness Required Documents Required Documents The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration. Resume that includes: 1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the responsibilities section including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) supervisor's phone number and whether or not the supervisor may be contacted for a reference check; 5) other qualifications. If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. If claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment. Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference. For more information on veterans' preference visit FEDSHIREVETS. Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}