{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=EHHsNaNBvoyInnP8z4CPvgbRyZ7DO0PVtA4ZJbTjgd64pFnAm5l9wEWTG7SeU5YR3T6O2cfb7vPE0cOBbz6fvZNbE82NKFaX7JfRGR_e7KQZsMgZfalar6vwwMrFdDTIEH7XLWW0aaqENJI4zk2M8dcVJMBVAGwMJ9rj__Kt5qBRLpaKAacPnsPOrXWUS5E7tCk",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgde0FrN0BQKhtG__VK4KgnihBaQCEqru3dt7P-kmCsLhk_laYJ1ARTy90bRcCCo_a_gF1tH_lzXF-gbFcs5Nel3ei8JZmqA3f2H7jFqLBkQh4DKzNWja_HkUGZl9f6yX9eow30hEoMSj2b368qITzNVvnXgg",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Fish and Wildlife Administrator - US Department of the Interior | Lakewood, CO",
    "Hash": "4C2E611BCBFFBC662B1320FA9B6C1E4E",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/hiwlTYuXobEePtFtBcR-qCfweHXZqKvrV1dRxn81NZVmEuqWtSc9nw",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Fish and Wildlife Administrator US Department of the Interior - 4.2 Lakewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$140,000 - $170,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Qualifications Communication Skills Programmable Logic Controllers Bachelor's Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary This position is a Fish and Wildlife Administrator, GS- 0480-15 working in Lakewood, Colorado for the R6-National Wildlife Refuges. This position is also open to the public under announcement R6-20-10835313-SG-DE. You must apply to each announcement separately if you wish to be considered under both recruitment methods. Responsibilities As a Fish and Wildlife Administrator your duties will include but are not limited to the following: Direct policy and staff functions across a Region-wide system of wildlife refuges, private lands conservation programs, and supporting science and administrative functions. Manage natural resource issues through collaboration among Service counterparts, public and private organizations, industry and individuals to integrate ecosystem concerns, views, and contributions into cohesive resource management projects and systems. Develop and implement long- and short-range plans, objectives, and priorities for ensuring adherence to the laws and policies which govern the management of the Service. Perform a full range of supervisory/managerial duties and responsibilities, including negotiating and executing programmatic budgets. Develop position papers, prepares reports, presents briefings, and provides information at meetings and conferences of State-wide, Region-wide, and national interest. Travel Required 50% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status Yes Promotion Potential 15 Job family (Series) 0480 Fish And Wildlife Administration Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a U.S. Citizen or National Individuals assigned male at birth after 12-31-59 must be registered for the Selective Service. To verify registration visit SSS.gov. Suitability for employment, as determined by background investigation May be required to successfully complete a probationary period May be required to successfully complete a supervisory probationary period. Financial disclosure required Time-in-Grade: Current career or career-conditional employees of the Federal government, or former career or career-conditional employees are required to meet the time-in-grade restriction of one year of Federal experience at the next lower grade Qualifications Only experience and education obtained by 06/19/2020 will be considered. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work. IMPORTANT: Human Resources is not permitted to \"read between the lines,\" make assumptions about, or infer what duties you performed in your work history. To receive credit for experience, your resume MUST clearly indicate the nature of the duties and responsibilities for each position, starting and ending dates of employment (month/year), and your resume must reflect either full-time or 40 hours per week. If a part-time work schedule is reflected, the hours must be annotated to ensure proper crediting of specialized experience. In order to qualify for this position you must possess both the Basic Requirement and Minimum Qualification. Basic Requirement: A. I have a Bachelor's or higher degree from an accredited college or university in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position; OR B. I have a combination of education and experience-courses equivalent to a major, or at least 30 semester hours in courses in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position, plus appropriate experience or additional education; OR C. I have four years of experience that demonstrates knowledge and understanding of one or more of the biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, or related disciplines equivalent to that which would have been acquired through completion of a 4-year course of study in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position. Minimum Qualification GS-15 One year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility equivalent to grade GS-14 in the Federal service. Specialized experience is directing policy and staff functions, developing short and long-range plans and formulating and implementing policies, standards and procedures for a large-scale wildlife program; supervising staff work on programmatic issues, and advising management concerning controversial and complex issues. Education PROOF OF EDUCATION: All applicants who are using education or a combination of education and experience to qualify must submit copies of official or unofficial transcripts which include grades, credit hours earned, major(s), grade point average or class ranking, institution name, and student name. If any required coursework is not easily recognizable on transcripts, or if you believe a portion of a particular course can be credited toward meeting an educational requirement, you must also provide a memorandum on letterhead from the institution's registrar, dean, or other appropriate official stating the percentage of the course that should be considered to meet the requirement and the equivalent number of units. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable; however, if you are selected for the position, you will be required to produce the original official transcripts. GRADUATE EDUCATION: One academic year of graduate education is considered to be the number of credits hours your graduate school has determined to represent one academic year of full-time study. Such study may have been performed on a full-time or part-time basis. If you cannot obtain your graduate school's definition of one year of graduate study, 18 semester hours (or 27 quarter hours) should be considered as satisfying the requirement for one year of full-time graduate study. FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html Additional information Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): These programs apply to employees who have been or may be involuntarily separated (e.g. reduction in force, declining to relocate/transfer outside their local commuting area) from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: (1) meet CTAP or ICTAP eligibility criteria; (2) be rated well-qualified with a score of 85; and, (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility (e.g., Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal or Removal Notice; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; or Removal and most recent performance appraisal.). For more information visit: OPM's Employee Guide to Career Transition This position is suitable for situational telework and may be allowed to telework with supervisory approval. PCS - Yes entitlements for payment of basic moving expenses, as required and to the extent allowed by the Federal Travel Regulation (FTR) 302-3.101, are authorized for eligible applicants changing duty station when the change meets the distance tests as provided in FTR 302-1.1 and 302-2.6. All moving expenses are taxable. In addition, relocation discretionary entitlements MAY be authorized for this position including contractor-provided home sale. The Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) P.L. 114-47 allows certain current and former Federal employees under time-limited competitive appointments at land management agencies to compete under merit promotion procedures. LMWFA eligibility requirements; Must have been hired under competitive examining procedures to a time limited appointment with a land management agency. Must have served under 1 or more time limited appointments by a land management agency for a period totaling more than 24 months without a break in service of 2 or more years. Must have performed at an acceptable level throughout the duration of the qualifying appointments. Must apply for a position while employed or within 2 years after separation If separated, must have been separated for reasons other than misconduct or performance. Public Land Corps (PLC) Hiring Authority PLC eligibility requirements: Served as a qualified youth on an appropriate conservation project completing a minimum of 640 hours of satisfactory service that included at least 120 hours through the PLC and received a certificate of non-competitive eligibility. Completed most recent Corps service, for which a certificate of non-competitive eligibility was issued, within the last 2 years. Appointment must be effected within the 2 year period. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Once the announcement has closed, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you meet the qualifications your resume and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications which resulted in you being listed in the highest quality category, you may lose consideration, or be assigned to a lower quality category for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics): Ability to adjust to frequently changing situations, funding levels, initiatives, and crises. Knowledge and skill in applying supervisory/managerial principles and methods. Mastery of oral communication. Knowledge of budget planning and execution processes, as well as associated political and economic factors. Skill in written communication. Knowledge of wildlife management and refuge program activities, laws, policies, and rules. Knowledge of refuge management requirements, procedures, maintenance, and support processes. Knowledge of conceptual and technological advances in resource management sufficient to be recognized as an authority. All qualified candidates will be assigned to a quality category. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. The category ratings for this position are: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified The category rating process protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each quality category. Veterans' preference eligibles who meet the qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent will be listed in the highest quality category (except in the case of scientific or professional positions at the GS-09 level or higher). Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Not Required Drug test required Yes Position sensitivity and risk Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents You must submit a complete application package which includes: RESUME. At a minimum, your resume MUST contain job title (include job series and grade, if federal), duties, starting and ending dates (month and year), hours worked per week, and salary. USAJOBS has a template to ensure a complete resume. OPM Resume Writing Tips COLLEGE TRANSCRIPTS, if the position has education requirements. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. A copy of your official transcripts will be required if you are selected. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: Recognition of Foreign Qualifications SF-50 NOTIFICATION OF PERSONNEL ACTION, if you are a current or former Federal employee. You must submit your most recent non-award SF-50 that shows tenure code 1 or 2 in block 24, and position occupied code 1 (competitive service) in block 34. The SF-50 must show the position title, series, grade, and step of your position. If you are claiming reinstatement eligibility, you must submit an SF-50 showing your separation. If you have previously held a higher grade than the grade/position you currently occupy, you must submit a copy of the more recent non-award SF-50 you received for that position. PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL, if you are a current or former Federal employee. You must submit a copy of your most recent, signed and completed annual performance appraisal which includes the final rating. If you are a current employee and the appraisal is not dated within the last 18 months or if you have not received a performance appraisal, please explain why in your application. INCENTIVE AWARDS, if you are a current or former Federal employee. VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION, if applicable. If you are a veteran with preference eligibility and you are claiming 5-point veterans' preference, you must attach a copy of your DD-214 Member Copy 4 showing you were honorably discharged. If you are claiming 10-point veterans' preference, you must attach an SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veterans' Preference in addition to the proof required by that form (i.e. VA letter). LAND MANAGEMENT WORKPLACE FLEXIBILITY ACT DOCUMENTATION, if applicable. You must submit ALL SF-50s and performance documentation for each period of temporary/term employment if you are requesting to be considered Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act eligibility. PUBLIC LANDS CORPS CERTIFICATE OF ELIGIBILITY, if applicable. A copy of the Certificate of Eligibility for Non-Competitive Hiring Based for Public Land Corps Service. CTAP/ICTAP DOCUMENTATION, if applicable. Documentation/proof that you are eligible for the Career Transition Assistance Program/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (e.g., Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; and most recent performance appraisal.) Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a \"surplus\" or \"displaced\" employee. Federal employees - Competitive service Current or former competitive service federal employees. Land & base management Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency. Veterans Clarification from the agency CTAP, ICTAP, Status Candidates, VEOA, LMWFA, PLC "
}