{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=5h9-aC_g0HPVONEeiCiIUshNbPKB8GkUIozXtDgvZ4-jj4bfVW_aBsWP98Ith5N0nOsLgHiMjRBa3bXGCH5rVaSPoKqjpjlHN3_uGJVVp0Tw04PDANfVYv09hpOwKmiYQjb043YDpo1O_ge-61afaZtJq9iK0l80pZmokZUbPej-4V9UXL7zw-WoYPhcG0zOw7U",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgJtcqsyyqFt-7xSpZUj8PHI65Iv7WhQP51zVqi8w2GqLXiP95xIyhds5n3ZY7lSK--_yDmKb0_xE5-G0JAMcS7-_c_8kOVb9eVUMi_P7qdWnHL6v03kHRP4oB_A8gafjJiG5beEvOr5jqXZIOVO_6AHLbliU",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879?l=seattle%2C%2Bwa&pp",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "SERVICE DESK ANALYST - University of Washington | Seattle, WA",
    "Hash": "5726C6341CB224CA1CF0D9FCD8CE5D78",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/bp7UG_e3PTpvSu8ouc__HEfk0fkIPY_VRxel55ea-knW1d1McObqsQ?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " SERVICE DESK ANALYST University of Washington - 4.1 Seattle, WA Apply Now Job Details Full-time$4,000 - $5,400 a month Benefits Health Insurance AD&D Insurance Disability Insurance Flexible Spending Account Dependent Care Reimbursement Qualifications Usability Customer Service Communication Skills Computer Networking Help Desk Full Job Description Notes: Clicking \"\" immediately submits your resume as a candidate for this position - even if you don't finish all of the assessments. Only click if you're ready to apply for the job right now. UW Medicine\u2019s IT Services department is looking for an outstanding Service Desk Analyst to join the team! This position is in a bargaining unit. What are we looking for? Patients Are First focus Customer service mindset Interpersonal skills and teamwork Results-oriented attitude Commitment Adaptability and flexibility What are the perks? Medical insurance at reasonable rates with TEN plans to choose from! Dental Insurance at no cost to you OR your dependents\u2026AND we have three plans for you to choose from! 10 paid holidays AND one personal holiday every year! Generous amounts of vacation and sick leave that you can feel good about taking! TWO Retirement plans to choose from! Voluntary Investment program to save more towards your retirement! Deferred Compensation program to save even MORE towards your retirement! Dependent Care Assistance program! On-site Childcare Centers! Flexible Spending Accounts! Long Term Disability insurance! Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance! U-PASS transportation program and discounted parking! Tuition Exemption program! Housing Resources and home buying options! Auto, home, renter, and boat group insurance! Valuable membership and merchandise discounts! Federal student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program! For all of the specific details on these benefits and more, please click here. UW Medicine\u2019s Information Technology Services (ITS) department is a shared services organization that supports all of UW Medicine. UW Medicine is comprised of Harborview Medical Center (HMC), UW Medical Center-Montlake Campus (UWMC-Montlake), UW Medical Center-Northwest Campus (UWMC-NW), Valley Medical Center (VMC), UW Neighborhood Clinics (UWNC), UW Physicians (UWP), UW School of Medicine (SOM) and Airlift Northwest (ALNW). In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children\u2019s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (a partnership between UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research and Seattle Children\u2019s). ITS is responsible for the ongoing support and maintenance of the infrastructure and applications which support all of these institutions, along with the implementation of new services and applications that are used to support and further the UW Medicine mission. Service Desk Analysts serve as a central point of contact for ITS support, acting as subject matter experts and providing technical/application assistance across all entities within our organization. The Service Desk Analyst (\u2018Analyst\u2019) works closely with the enterprise users (both UW Medicine employees as well as people who work for affiliated organizations that utilize UW Medicine information systems) and frequently interacts with all ITS groups/levels on resolution of issues and/or status of problems. The Analyst is a subject matter expert with a myriad of technical applications, both clinical and non-clinical, such as ORCA, EPIC, EHRs and password resets across the organization to provide support to end users at all levels of the organization. This position requires knowledge and understanding of how UW Technology infrastructure integrates with and works within UW Medicine\u2019s technical infrastructure. This position also requires timely coordination and communication with targeted parties regarding incidents, requests, and outages (planned and unplanned) to help facilitate quick resumption of business processes. The Analyst requires a high level of customer service, technical skill, ability to continuously improve service quality, consistency, learn new applications and stay abreast of changes to existing applications as they develop and grow with the organization. The ITS Service Desk supports and operates 24 hours a day 7 days a week and 365 days a year. The Analyst works closely with enterprise users and frequently interacts with all ITS groups/levels on resolution of issues and/or status of problems. The Analyst also interacts on a less frequent basis with all levels of other UW Medicine groups and external entities. The Service Desk provides UW Medicine with a single point of contact for the technology related needs and fulfills that purpose by providing management of events and communication to the enterprise. The role of the Analyst is to provide technical and designated application support including issue resolution, coordination and communication, analysis, escalation and reporting of issues. This position is expected to be able to work any shift and be on-call as necessary. The successful candidate will have: Excellent customer support skills and demonstrated ability to be an advocate for customer\u2019s needs to the IT enterprise. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Background in compliant handling PHI and PII. Demonstrated ability to work with minimal direction, either independently or as part of a team. Responsibilities include: Service Desk Operations (50%) Provide professional, friendly technical and designated application support for all of UW Medicine\u2019s entities and personnel working within UW Medicine entities. Respond, diagnose and resolve calls/requests for assistance received through all communication channels and follow-up on end user issues, where necessary to ensure customer satisfaction. Conduct analysis and troubleshooting activities on hardware, such as Windows printing, label printers, barcode med administration, PCs, laptops and embedded components in those devices, and software issues, such as EPIC, ORCA, Mindscape, Office productivity Suite, and other devices such as iPads, tablets and Surfaces; multiple PC access, standard PC configuration and virtual desktop; use of critical thinking skills to assess issues, identification of resolution options and impact to customers. Report findings, suggest possible solutions. Provide application support for designated software, such as ORCA, EPIC, Mindscape, Team Access, and electronic whiteboard software. Diagnosis and resolve application support issues, escalate if necessary. Support multiple domains across AMC, UWP, and NWH. Create timely and accurate documentation of end user interactions as well as proper escalation where necessary. Participate, represent, and educate new staff in ITS departmental orientation sessions. Participate in training to further knowledge and understanding of enterprise workflow and applications. Cross-training team members or others. Represent the ITS Service Desk and participate in an active and constructive fashion in discussions, meetings, and work committees. Testing, including but not limited to workflows, UW Medicine applications, and emergent technologies. Enterprise Technical and Application Support (30%) Proactively negotiate and coordinate with all support groups and UW Medicine enterprise to ensure ITS Service Desk is successful supporting customer needs. Participate in planning with support teams to guarantee proper representation of ITS Service Desk requirements and to provide, receive, and report feedback. Report and present performance metrics analysis, ITS Service Desk requirements, and end user feedback and offer suggestions/solutions to improve end user satisfaction. Pull data from Analysts statistics and SDM (reporting tool) and telephone system; create definitions to generate reports by using Access and Excel. Provide subject matter expertise and participate with ITS support teams to capture and understand current types of issues and usability experience to improve the training, communication, documentation, etc. support infrastructure to proactively reduce problems. Ensure ITS Service Desk has adequate and available infrastructure resources to maintain and enhance support offering including systems access and access to subject matter expertise. Provide subject matter expertise and participate in design sessions, testing and evaluating hardware and software products, providing diagnosis information , feedback and/or refer back to the appropriate ITS area and/or vendor. Research, create, modify and maintain technical documentation for use in issue resolution. Responsible for the lifecycle of Knowledge Articles including creating, monitoring usage, modifying, removing articles, and approving articles to be published. Coordinating the enterprise usage of Knowledge Articles including working with other teams and determining validity of feedback and executing on them. Projects (10%) Consult and participate in internal and/or enterprise projects and initiatives. Timely execution of project tasks, activities, and status reporting. Participate as subject matter expert on end user support and coordination with necessary resources to plan and execute on project deliverables and to achieve project objectives. As needed, will have delegated responsibility to design, implement and maintain projects related to ITS Service Desk support improvements that may include, but not limited to, SharePoint, Self-Service functions in SDM, Chat functions and service, phone system, and onboarding. Enterprise Communications (5%) Manage and coordinate the communication around enterprise events such as outage process, which may include, but not limited to, setting up conference calls or sending communication for events like network and system failures, and phone system failure. Coordinate communications with all parties on planned outages and the resolution of unplanned incidents including participating in or running outage conference calls. For unplanned outages, identify the impact of the incident to the business (which may include patient safety) and coordinate the appropriate ITS resources to initiate the resolution of the incident. Further, determine when and how notification will occur to the enterprise so decision makers are abreast of current status of the situation so they can make accurate and timely decisions to reduce impact to business operations. Based on the impact and progression of the resolution, determine when to escalate. Manage and maintain all Service Desk methods of communications to ensure impacted parties execute properly to limit impact to end users including administrating/updating/maintaining the Service Desk\u2019s SharePoint site. Quality Improvement (5%) Continuously improve service quality and consistency. Analyze and track support metrics and report and review findings as well as recommend/track changes to improve service offering. Coordinating with various internal teams to maintain responsiveness to the end user. Coordinate and negotiate with management to appropriately hand-off issues. Use tools and workflow to derive customer satisfaction levels and effectiveness and productivity of the enterprise. Use databases and highly complex spreadsheets for operations, forecasting, planning, and staffing model alignment. What you'll bring to the table: Two years of experience in programming or computer support services of a technical nature OR equivalent education/experience. Additional Department Requirements:Two years of experience (referenced above) should include: Demonstrated experience and understanding of knowledge tools as applied to Service Desk operations. Ideally, you'll also have: Two years of work experience in a healthcare environment; clinical experience desired. Three years of successful help desk/service desk experience supporting and troubleshooting complex enterprise medical and support systems/workflows. Two years of experience troubleshooting: Medical application systems and software Microsoft operating systems, browser software, and office productivity software. Three years of experience troubleshooting network environments ideally at all levels of the OSI model. Demonstrated experience supporting and troubleshooting applications in a Citrix environment. Demonstrated knowledge of the account management lifecycle. Demonstrated experience in the use of UW Medicine systems including but not limited to Cerner, EPIC, FYI and/or PUMA. Demonstrated application of healthcare related regulatory statutes and UW Medicine Policies and Procedures. Demonstrated analytical experience. Demonstrated experience with database tools (i.e. SQL queries) and development/administration of Microsoft SharePoint sites and complex Excel spreadsheets. What are some of the other tidbits that you might want to know? This position is in a bargaining unit. UW Medicine\u2019s technical and application environment is highly complex. UW Medicine ITS Help Desk is operational 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. There are four shifts to support the operational hours. This position requires participation in the on-call rotation. This position requires carrying a pager or other means of notification. This position is responsible for daily response to customer demands and the incumbent must be able to meet time-sensitive customer needs. All hires must adhere to the working standards of UW Medicine IT Services. Examples include (but are not limited to): Observe Time Tracking Policy. Observe professionalism standards including dress and punctuality. Follow organizational norms with respect to e-mail, distributions, pagers, cell phones. Observe absence notification standards. Provide regular status reports to Help Desk management. Attend team and departmental meetings as appropriate. Act as backup for other team members and functions, as needed. Ability to communicate clearly in English, both verbally and in writing. This advertised job posting may not include the complete official job description for the role. Appointment of the successful candidate to this position will be made contingent upon a satisfactory outcome of criminal background checks. The application process for UW Medicine positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process (i.e. Work Authorization, Criminal Conviction History, Cover Letter and/or others). Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select \u201cApply to this position\u201d. Once you begin applying for a position, all assessments must be completed at that time. Please note that your application shows up in our system as ready to review regardless of whether or not all assessments have been completed. If the assigned Recruiter happens to review applications prior to all of your assessments being completed, there is a chance you could be 'Not Selected' due to an incomplete application. For this reason, we strongly encourage all applicants to ensure there is plenty of time to complete all of the assessments prior to clicking on \u201cApply to this position\u201d. Who are we and what do we do? UW Medicine\u2019s mission is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, to provide outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and to prepare tomorrow\u2019s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. Committed to attracting and retaining a diverse staff, your experiences, perspectives and unique identities will be honored at the University of Washington. Together, our community strives to create and maintain working and learning environments that are inclusive, equitable, and welcoming. The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Disability Services Office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or click here to send an email. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship and sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. #monster Committed to attracting and retaining a diverse staff, the University of Washington will honor your experiences, perspectives and unique identity. Together, our community strives to create and maintain working and learning environments that are inclusive, equitable and welcoming. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Disability Services Office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu. ",
    "Location": "University, Washington, United States",
    "CompanyName": "University of Washington",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
