{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=lZkBz0CcuTP4_fB0V1qw12JZy4pypY6i16wmlDvkob_60bd_ygAcq6K7PErhTZpankymreGJu8kZ-ONzpxj4IJ_X66Tx7kIppISg1jJtLHq4DpHsU51x8zsl6KIIanqMVi4Q-0uYEgjc2rHI6ljWHdQgajyoxOal3NeS8A7KfQYW7SRLUYu8JM9cf-HGiy3TD6U",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/img4k226dlzTeV0MEfoy44vvu9wkcCB6IUgBbfuFB0SVY2Xwu80oorPI-hdk_HuQ6ELWTBNzdz9cc4GvHGOtpdS7t4gJP4y1PLDXM3ILPAIIuch65FRmaxj5DaFxDJMgmQV_Hp0fajUHQPpLg_wrbtaBjn2NPA",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "911 Dispatcher - Arapahoe County, CO | Englewood, CO",
    "Hash": "5A71CD33162C6DC61F9F9678EB18963E",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/s-IeBWw55WVJGKzUyr97C8J2b8sLuOS7az0CMf5tPWPlCPM_n2cGEQ",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information 911 Dispatcher Arapahoe County, CO - 3.9 Englewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$42,000 - $71,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Tuition Reimbursement Vision Insurance Qualifications CPR Certification Computer Skills High School Diploma or GED Full Job Description STARTING SALARY IS $1,625.77 - $2,262.40 BI-WEEKLY BASED ON EXPERIENCE** Connect With Us! #Work4ArapSO / ArapahoeSO Duties EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The following duty statements are illustrative of the essential functions of the job and do not include other non-essential or marginal duties that may be required: Answers emergency and non-emergency telephone requests for law enforcement, fire and medical services. Operates computer aided dispatch equipment (CAD) by entering call information and dispatching deputies and officers to emergency and non-emergency situations. Provides Emergency Medical Dispatch instructions for calls in areas where there are no designated or full-time EMS services. Monitors patrol member's status; notifies on-call personnel; assigns cover cars or requests mutual aid to situations that may be critical and/or threatening. Utilizes computer/teletype systems to query and enter operational data; relays information to patrol as required. Searches available and appropriate resources to locate and relay operational data and information to Patrol personnel. Uses various maps and mapping resources to determine jurisdictions and to properly identify call locations. Records and maintains patrol line-ups to correctly reflect Patrol personnel on duty and corresponding assigned vehicle. Monitors County alarm systems. Performs daily TTY testing on the phone system to assure functionality and documents and reports findings. Answers Agency business telephone calls; provides routine data and information to telephone inquiries; may transfer/direct inquiries to proper agency staff; may refer telephone calls to responsible outside state, court, agencies, departments or individuals. May maintain radio communication monitoring with outside law enforcement agencies. May assist in conducting training of new Communications Technicians. Operates computers and standard office equipment including commonly used computer software programs. Is committed to a high standard of safety laws and all of the Sheriff's Office policies and rules and must be willing to report safety violations and potential safety violations to appropriate supervisory or management personnel. Maintains regular and acceptable attendance at such level as determined at the Sheriff's Office discretion. Is available and willing to work such overtime per day or per week as the Sheriff's Office determines is necessary or desirable to meets its needs. Is available and willing to work such weekends and holidays as the Sheriff's Office determines are necessary or desirable to meet its needs. Interacts effectively with others and exercises good judgment when dealing with people in sensitive situations. Performs duties regularly assigned to the Communications Technician Supervisor level in the absence of the Supervisor as a temporary duty. Performs other duties as required and assigned. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Knowledge of street and road systems, geographical patterns and numerical (address) system of Arapahoe County Knowledge of computer aided dispatch equipment (CAD). Knowledge of and ability to operate CCIC/NCIC. Ability to operate computer aided dispatch equipment (CAD). Ability to work under pressure. Ability to communicate effectively with angry, emotional and excited persons via telephone. Ability to remain calm under urgency circumstances. Ability to communicate effectively in verbal and written English. Ability to maintain confidentiality of records and information. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with superiors, fellow workers and the general public. Ability to listen, talk and type all at the same time. Ability to distinguish different auditory tones. Ability to track multiple pieces of information at one time and conduct follow-up as necessary. Ability to interact in a professional manner with all staff. Ability to act and react to emergency and/or threatening situations in a manner consistent with the law, policies and procedures. Ability to apply sound reasoning and decision-making. Ability to operate computers and commonly used computer software programs, as well as any other standard office equipment as required by position. Requirements REQUIRED EXAMINATIONS: The screening process for any position within the Sheriff's Office may include written test(s), an oral interview, skills test(s) and/or other selection methods designed to measure applicants' ability to perform the essential functions of the job they are seeking. The required tests include: Typing Test: 37 WPM or faster corrected CritiCall Test Select Advantage Assessment Phase I Suitability Exam Polygraph Exam Required examinations also include, upon a conditional job offer: Psychological Evaluation Medical Examination, including a drug screen. Background Investigation. This will include, but is not limited to contact with the applicant's former employers, associates, neighbors and other pertinent sources. Applicant's military history, school records, police records and driving record will also be investigated. All examinations are conducted by qualified/licensed individuals designated by the Sheriff's Office at the Sheriff's Office expense. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION: High School Diploma or G.E.D. equivalent. EXPERIENCE: One (1) year of general public safety experience. OR Any equivalent combination of education and experience that satisfy the requirements of the job may be sufficient. CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSE: CPR First Aid Emergency Medical Dispatch certification OR If hired must successfully complete and acquire all certifications in order to be considered for future employment. NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must possess CPR and First Aid certification within the initial status period. Must meet minimum acceptable level of Keystrokes Per Hour (KPH). PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The following are some of the physical demands commonly associated with this position. They are included for informational purposes and are not all inclusive. Occasionally: Activity exists less than 1/3 of the time. Frequently: Activity exists between 1/3 and 2/3 of the time. Constantly: Activity exist more than 2/3 of the time. Constant use of eye, hand and finger coordination enabling the use of automated office machinery, and writing utensils. Constantly involved in oral and auditory interaction, enabling interpersonal communication, including automated devices such as the telephone and radio. Spends 90% of the time sitting, 5% standing, 5% walking while on the job. Occasionally stoops, kneels, crouches and balances while filing or operating office machinery. Frequently uses visual capacity including depth perception, color vision, and peripheral vision enabling completion of required office duties. Occasionally lifts or carries up to 20 lbs. when moving office supplies or files. JOB-RELATED CONTACTS: Contacts are with individuals within the Sheriff's Office, with other Departments/Organizations and the general public. Specifically, extensive contact occurs with supervisors and the general public. Personal contact with any individual of the public, an inmate or arrestee is an occasional occurrence. Hand-to-hand exchanges and face-to-face verbal communications between the member and the public is seldom required. In this position, contact with blood, body fluids or other medical hazards are extremely uncommon. The member should have adequate time to take precautionary and protective measures. WORK ENVIRONMENT: Work in this class is sedentary in nature and is generally confined to a standard office environment. Members must be available for work schedule assignment to rotating shifts, weekends and holidays. Extremely stressful environment during peak activity periods demanding full attention and coordination of numerous tasks simultaneously. BIO-HAZARD NOTICE: This position has been determined to be a REMOTE exposure risk to \"bio-hazards\" associated with blood-borne pathogens HIV (aids), HBV (hepatitis B) virus, and air-borne transmissions of TB (tuberculosis). Members are advised that exposure to a \"bio-hazard\" may result in severe illness or death. Members are required by Agency policy to use protective equipment and clothing. Inoculation may be required to prevent or treat exposures to \"bio-hazards\". Supplemental Information YOU MUST PROVIDE A CURRENT VALID EMAIL ADDRESS FOR APPLICATION STATUS NOTIFICATIONS (only one email address is accepted by the system). EXPECTED DURATION OF THE APPLICATION PROCESS: Due to the nature of the application and selection process for the Sheriff's Office, applicants can reasonably expect the application process to take a significant amount of time to complete before a decision is made to hire or not to hire. Typically, it takes approximately 8 to 12 weeks from the date of application to complete the entire selection process. The length of time it takes to complete the process can vary depending on a variety of factors. Please note that this is an estimated duration of the selection process. WORK SCHEDULES: Employees are required to work the time periods and/or shifts, rotational and/or stationary, and location assignment, consistent with the needs of the Sheriff's Office. DUTY ASSIGNMENTS: All applicants hired by the Sheriff serve at the pleasure of the Sheriff of Arapahoe County and may be assigned to any of the agencies bureaus, sections or units at the discretion of the Sheriff or his duly appointed representative. Employment is at the will and pleasure of the Sheriff, per Colorado State Statute: 30-10-506. Written policies and other manuals do not alter the at will status of employment. COMMUNITY POLICING: The Arapahoe County Sheriff's Office is committed to the implementation of the community-policing concept. Community policing is an organizational strategy and philosophy which emphasizes problem solving partnerships between the Sheriff's Office, neighborhoods and businesses, working together to create a better quality of life within the community. INITIAL STATUS PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT: Successful applicants are subject to an initial status period of employment. This initial status period is 12 months for all positions. The initial status period is regarded as part of the applicant's examination process and will be utilized for purposes of employee evaluation, training and adjustment to the demands of the profession. New employees, who fail to perform satisfactorily during the period, may be separated from the Sheriff's Office, depending on the circumstance of each case. APPLICANT DISQUALIFICATION FACTORS: Applicants are advised that areas for disqualification from further consideration include, but are not limited to, the following: Illegal Drug Use. Applicants who have recent illegal drug usage will be disqualified. Recent drug use includes marijuana within 1 year and all other illegal drug use within the past 5 years. All other illegal drug use will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Any felony conviction Driving Record Outside activities which may be deemed a conflict of interest Revelation or discovery of assaultive behavior Documented record of prior work performance Unsuccessful completion of any basic requirement Inability to perform the essential functions of the position Police history - type, frequency and nature of contacts(s). Providing false or misleading information during the application / selection process. It is the policy of the Sheriff's Office to not discuss the reasons why applicants were not selected for hire. There is no flexibility to this policy. Applicants may be notified of their disqualification at any point in the selection process. If you receive such a notice, it simply means that you do not meet our standards at this time. Receiving this notice does not indicate that you are ineligible to apply with other agencies. POLICY ON REAPPLICATION: Applicants who failed a written test may reapply and retest no sooner than six months from the date they took the written test. All other applicants who are disqualified can reapply with the Sheriff's Office no sooner than one year from the date of notification of non-selection. This job announcement does not constitute a contract of employment. Should there be any discrepancy or error in this job announcement, the applicable policy or pay rate will apply. The Sheriff's Office retains the right to amend this job announcement at any time without notice. We are an equal employment opportunity employer, who fully supports and complies with ADA. EOE M/F/D/V Should you require an accommodation to apply for this position please contact Human Resources. BENEFITS:As a regular full-time or part-time Arapahoe County employee you may be eligible for benefits such as:Medical and Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, Life and Supplemental Life Insurance, Short and Long Term Disability, Retirement Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan, Flexible Benefit Plan, Pre-paid Legal Service Plan,Vacation and Sick leave time, Holiday pay, and the Training and Educational Reimbursement Program. Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}