{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=x_aJ9nCOgjdiE2tYDddX281ZM4-0Pe7nXjFvjwzUTTgXVY-48SBwYTpYMoFs1hOtn4E1xCYPrTD6gOhLfOiJwMmGQWjpp55VmIREzkIuohH-mDB8vV5_FxKvNUxNEP7a6VYVDUez7-F4Q_OtNmql7oRF3o287gbYhhL5QDm_pJ7NrXk5GmtPXB64H-o4QyfzsVc",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgO9ZhmQFTQ5K9fIYdZhw1rjs_eCysKfjSncDY6BUfSb861mH244i38Ox8IC74a8S245aN4cg1EQce9B8i6lNjYA9-Cq210fR6B-RFvKeWVUjfAD2yQ6csnKsygKDi0WMKHHkIMv18h30h4uI_E36hXVkPssY",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "RequiredMatch": "consensus",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "CDOC Criminal Investigator II (Denver Complex) - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Denver, CO",
    "Hash": "654619B236807C1FC5BB7347B057931F",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/3X1mkMWk4avAfKlaO9i0Y_OTG1Apk-ksOPbXt5vS_0qGOXWt5PGAXA",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information CDOC Criminal Investigator II (Denver Complex) State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Denver, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$6,100 - $9,100 a month1 day ago Benefits Health Insurance Disability Insurance Tuition Reimbursement Dental Insurance Wellness Program Qualifications Negotiation Communication Skills Interviewing Conflict Management Customer Service Bachelor's Degree High School Diploma or GED Full Job Description Department Information The mission of the Colorado Department of Corrections is \"To protect the citizens of Colorado by holding offenders accountable and engaging them in opportunities to make positive behavioral changes and become law abiding, productive citizens.\" Our vision...\"Building a safer Colorado for today and tomorrow\". If your goal is to build a career that makes a difference and builds greater public confidence in good government, consider joining the dedicated people of the State of Colorado. Our professionals strive to support state government and the citizens of Colorado. Customer service is a key component for every position in state government as is the focus on ideas and ways to redesign the delivery of services in making state government more effective and efficient. In addition to a great agency and rewarding, meaningful work, we offer: Distinctive career advancement opportunities throughout the state system; Strong, secure, yet flexible retirement benefits including PERA Defined Benefit Plan or PERA Defined Contribution Plan plus 401K and 457 plans; Medical and dental health plans; Short and long term disability coverage; Paid life insurance; 10 paid holidays per year plus vacation and sick leave; Excellent work-life programs, wellness program, tuition reimbursement, training opportunities and more. Job Location: The primary work location for this position is the Denver Complex, which consists of the Colorado Correctional Center (CCC) in Golden, Denver Reception & Diagnostic Center (DRDC) and Denver Womens' Correctional Facility (DWCF). The eligibility list created from this recruitment may be used to fill future vacancies in the Denver area. Who can Apply: Colorado residents who meet the minimum requirements as indicated in this announcement. Hiring Pay Rate: Although the full salary range for this position is provided, appointments are typically made at the minimum of the range which is $6,130/month. Description of Job The Office of the Inspector General (OIG) enforces criminal law to detect and deter crime within the Colorado Department of Corrections (CDOC). Through the use of systematic investigative techniques, position plans and conducts criminal and administrative investigations as well as preparation of legal documents, reports, warrants and affidavits. Specific duties and responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: Conduct investigations of offender and employee misconduct to include violations of state statutes, federal laws and/or violations of administrative regulations. Investigations may include Title VII discrimination and sexual harassment complaints, use of force allegations, staff and offender relationships and other allegations of significant employee misconduct; Coordinate facility drug interdictions and provide matrix supervision of assigned facility staff; Interview suspects, victims, witnesses, and confidential sources; Independently investigate crimes in a prison facility; As lead investigator/ team leader, direct field investigations on a continuing basis, inclusive of determining and using the resources needed to complete an investigation, and assigning tasks to other investigative personnel and law enforcement officers; Review findings, prepare investigative reports and legal documentation for presentation to appointing authorities and appropriate prosecuting agencies; Prepare investigative reports and legal documentation; Conduct surveillance and supervise and/or participate in undercover operations and assist other agencies in CDOC related cases and intelligence gathering; Analyze complaints, determine authenticity and validate for presence of essential elements that constitute a crime under Colorado Statutes; Review and analyze documents, statements and reports to identify witnesses, victims and suspects; Write search and arrest affidavits to secure warrants and execute arrest and search warrants; Obtain court orders for the collection of non-testimonial evidence and other related seizures; Inventory and secure items seized during search warrants and during the routine collection of crime scene evidence and create exhibits for court proceedings; Testify in court (e.g. administrative and personnel hearings, depositions, etc.); Assigned other investigative tasks as required to include: assistance to other divisions on criminal investigations; fugitive operations; background investigations; interdiction operations; and other duties normally assigned to the Special Operations Divisions; May be responsible for training and work/team lead of other OIG staff and field investigators; Other duties, as needed. Important information about this position: As an OIG investigator you will work as a lead investigator, a support investigator and as an independent investigator at various times depending on the situation being investigated. Position is subject to and must successfully pass a law enforcement background investigation, integrity interview and psychological evaluation. Position will be on-call 24 hours a day, seven days a week on a year-round basis to any correctional facility in the State of Colorado. Position requires a flexible schedule and the ability to travel extensively for periods of time for emergency situations or team operations. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights Only applicants who meet the minimum and special requirements for the vacancy will be included in the comparative analysis process. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice, Law, Law Enforcement, Police Science, Psychology, Behavioral Science, Sociology, or a closely related field. (Transcripts showing name of college/university, name of student, degree type and date conferred/awarded must be submitted with application in order to receive credit.) AND - Experience: Two (2) years of full-time *professional investigative criminal case experience to include ALL of the following: completing case filings, criminal report writing, court testimony, supervising a crime scene, and proper handling of evidence. (This experience must be detailed within the work experience section of your application to meet this requirement. Part-time experience will be pro-rated.) AND - Necessary Special Requirement: Applicants MUST possess a valid/active Colorado Peace Officer Standards Training Certification (POST) at the time of application, as defined by C.R.S. 24-33.5-303(6) and/or C.R.S. 18-1-901(3) (1) (1). A copy of your current and valid Colorado POST Certificate must be uploaded and attached to your application. (The website for information regarding POST is: www.ago.state.co.us/index.cfm). Professional Work Defined: Work that involves exercising discretion, analytical skill, judgment, and personal accountability, and responsibility for creating, developing, integrating, applying, and sharing an organized body of knowledge that characteristically is uniquely acquired through an intense education or training regimen at a recognized college or university; equivalent to the curriculum requirements for a bachelor's or higher degree with major study in or pertinent to the specialized field; and continuously studied to explore, extend, and use additional discoveries, interpretations, and application and to improve data, materials, equipment, applications and methods. Substitutions: Experience that provided the same kind, amount and level of knowledge acquired in the required education and demonstrating competencies equivalent to the competencies learned through completion of the required education may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the bachelor's degree. A bachelor degree that is not in a related field of study, may substitute up to 60 semester hours of core coursework on a year for year basis. Required Competencies: Extensive experience conducting independent criminal and/or administrative investigations with precise attention to detail and affecting the arrest of suspects; Working knowledge of and experience in federal, state, and local statutes, rules, and regulations related to criminal and administrative investigation; Extensive knowledge of Colorado Criminal Law; Broad experience conducting complex criminal investigations; Self directed and strong initiative; Excellent written and oral communication; Public speaking skills with the ability to reach a variety of audiences; Exceptional interpersonal/customer service skills which demonstrate respect for others and with diverse professional experience and qualifications; Established proficiency in position-related office technologies such as Microsoft Office Suite programs; Significant conflict resolution skills; Highly effective critical thinking/decision making/complex problem solving skills; Strongly effectual organizing, planning, and prioritizing skills; Keen ability to multi-task and demonstrate flexibility; Exceptional ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with individuals in a diversity of roles and the ability to work with them diplomatically and effectively; Excellent negotiation and consensus building skills; Ability to write clear and accurate reports; Strong interview and interrogation skills. Preferred Qualifications: (Candidates may receive higher ratings for possessing the preferred qualifications criteria.) The preferred candidate will have demonstrated knowledge of and experience in the following: Gang related investigations; Intelligence gathering or Intelligence led policing; Conducting multi-agency investigations; Writing and executing warrants; Conducting drug related investigations; Institutional/Detentions investigations; Conducting Professional Standards or Internal Affairs Investigations. IMPORTANT INFORMATION The Assessment Process: Colorado Revised Statutes require that state employees are hired and promoted through a comparative analysis. Part or all of the analysis for this position will include a review of your application material and your responses to any supplemental questions. Applications and responses will be reviewed by a Subject Matter Expert (SME) to assess and rank applicants in order to cut to a top group for additional assessment; or to establish an eligible list for referral to the hiring manager and final consideration. In order to process a background investigation, your application must include at least (10) ten years of the most current work experience unless experience related to the job for which you are applying is later than (10) years. Failure to provide this information could result in delays and/or elimination from the background investigation process. Be sure the \"Work Experience\" section of your application is complete and specifically addresses your qualifications, experience, and accomplishments as they relate to the Description of the Job, Minimum Qualifications, Required Competencies and Preferred Qualifications as listed above. Resumes and \"see resume\" statements will not be accepted in lieu of the \"Work Experience\" section of the application. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions by the closing date may result in your application not being accepted and/or may affect your score, rank or inclusion in the final pool of eligible applicants. A copy of your unofficial college transcripts noting type of degree and date conferred MUST be uploaded to this application in order to receive college course work credit. Transcripts must include your name, the institution name, degree received, date conferred, and be in jpg or pdf format. Conditions of employment All job offers are contingent upon a successful medical screening by a health care professional, certifying candidate's ability to perform the essential functions of the position, completed at the applicant's own expense. Applicant must consent to hold harmless CDOC and its agents and staff from any liability arising in whole or in part from the collection of specimens, testing and the use of this information in connection with CDOC's consideration of application for employment. Additional conditions of employment include: Must be 21 years of age; Possess a valid Colorado Driver's License; Possess a High School Diploma or GED; Have NO felony convictions, to include any actions defined in 5 U.S.C. 301; U.S.C. 509, 510; 42 U.S.C. 15601-15609. The CDOC shall not hire nor promote anyone who may have contact with an offender who has engaged in sexual abuse which includes acts, activity, and sexual behavior, in a prison or other institution as defined in 42 U.S.C. 1997; or has been convicted of engaging or attempting to engage in sexual activity in the community facilitated by force, overt or implied threats of force or coercion, or if the victim did not consent or was unable to consent or refuse, or has been civilly or administratively adjudicated to have engaged in the activity described in the above paragraph. The agency shall consider any incidents of sexual harassment in determining whether to hire anyone who may have contact with offenders or residents; Successfully pass all modules of the Colorado Department of Corrections Basic Training, to include English reading comprehension, relevant competency assessments and written/practical exams in Defensive Tactics; Possess the physical ability to successfully complete Defensive Tactics; Lift arms above head and kick as high as own waist; Stabilize another person to accomplish a controlled take down; Use arms, palms of hands, shins, and feet to deliver blows; Withstand impact (slow speed or with a safety bag) on own body from strikes/blows; Swing a baton in a striking technique; Rotate body 90 degrees with feet planted for striking with foot or using a defensive tactic; Get down on one or both knees and up again with multiple repetitions; Positions that have direct contact with offenders may be exposed to Oleoresin Capsicum; Must be able to see and hear in order to observe, address and respond to potential breeches in safety and security; Seize, hold, control or subdue violent or assaultive persons and defend oneself or others to prevent injury; Demonstrate body agility, strength of all four limbs and the ability to walk and climb stairs consistently; Work in situations involving assaultive behavior, physical control of another person and/or restraint situations; Deal with individuals with a range of moods and behaviors, utilizing tactfulness and a congenial, personable manner; Work with people of the opposite sex, diverse racial ethnic groups, mentally ill and emotionally disturbed offenders; Communicate by talking, listening and/or signaling people to convey or exchange information, assignments; Work in an environment with fluctuating noise and temperature (hot and cold) which may include working outdoors in inclement weather and/or concrete floor/wall work settings; Willing and able to travel; Willing and able to work various shifts, days, afternoons, graveyards (nights) which includes a rotating shift schedule; TB (tuberculosis) screening is required of all new employees upon hire. Successful completion of a background investigation is required. Should applicant's background reveal criminal charges, it shall be the responsibility of the applicant to provide the Department of Corrections with written/official disposition of any charges. The CDOC is committed to a drug and alcohol free work environment. Our employees are expected to comply with all state and federal laws. A drug test will be administered to all new employees; employees must successfully pass. Random drug screening will occur throughout employment. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at https://spb.colorado.gov/. A standard appeal form is available at: https://spb.colorado.gov/. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 633 17th Street, Suite 1320, Denver, CO 80202-3604. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. As of November 12, 2013, the Board will be located at 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, Colorado 80203. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Supplemental Information After submitting an application you should receive an immediate email acknowledging your submission. If you do not get the email, please check to ensure you have actually submitted the application and typed the correct email address on the application. Include a working email address on your application; one that is checked often as time sensitive correspondence WILL take place via email. You may receive email notifications from a Colorado Department of Corrections employee or from this email address info@governmentjobs.com It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email; if you do not receive correspondence soon after the closing date, please contact Melissa Bellew via email at melissa.bellew@state.co.us. SCHEDULED DATES OF POSSIBLE APPLICANT ASSESSMENTS (I.E., EXAMS, ORAL BOARDS, AND WRITTEN EXAMS) WILL NOT BE MADE UP. IF YOU FAIL TO SHOW AT THE APPOINTED DATE/TIME, MAKE-UPS WILL NOT BE ALLOWED. The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Colorado Department of Corrections is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our Employee Relations Specialist, Heather Tepley, at doc_employeerelations@state.co.us or call 719-226-4401. ALL DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS FACILITIES AND BUILDINGS ARE TOBACCO FREE. WE STRONGLY ENCOURAGE PROTECTED CLASSES TO APPLY. Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}