{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=GmSiPRlVaCLR2JjHWu1dy2qHJf3pR19TNn1LzY_Jzh7SCoZrpRieTkU9rKDGW6TeAxgZL89ftV2M8Lf849kCadUDDodgc4VQlArja-JEk3wz_10V9iq-qtty8BMhuqjzFvo0X04MkujwGWviz38a3jnOvUaqHNgjivWyPmkAtTUb6Skf7XMp9SNEG_z0x0LRwNo",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgrDT2eLrJPDv0MEVG-ETaTRMo7EF7ntL73GXUt-H4rwoZakV0Ptt-hIIrwHZwmorlJTka2NXkaEMBlQx4tBjsQqeQu4vEv8GmmjBsBJxXrMPk2tCV1IakJMAKB1Nhk_3ohevovtuS15eTWWFShHydy82akGc",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879?from=serptopfilter&jt=temporary&pp",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Business Analyst - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Lakewood, CO",
    "Hash": "6691BF94B13094C9E0A93971227BBA31",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/NxYYWPRTSXzrd35SKVe_DQbh71SSdv1ElOnzPb18uUqwbsV8ALkxgA?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Business Analyst State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Lakewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time | Temporary$4,300 a month3 days ago Benefits Wellness Program Health Insurance Paid Time Off Qualifications Business Requirements Requirements Gathering IIBA Certification Scrum Agile Bachelor's Degree Full Job Description Department Information The Colorado Department of Revenue (CDOR) employs approximately 1,600 hard-working and dedicated employees throughout Colorado. We can be seen performing functions as varied as auditing and collecting taxes, issuing driver licenses and motor vehicle titles, marketing lottery products, and regulating liquor, gaming, horse racing, marijuana, and the auto industry in order to assist the citizens of our state. CDOR Vision To empower businesses and individuals through quality customer service, innovation and collaboration. CDOR Mission To become a trusted partner to every Coloradan to help them navigate the complexities of government so they can thrive. The Department of Revenue offers 10 paid holidays per year, paid vacation and sick leave, discounted RTD Eco-Pass, BenefitHub program (discounted merchandise, food and travel, etc), CafeWell, employee wellness program and a great benefit package. Description of Job The Department of Revenue has multiple openings for business analysts to assist in a major version upgrade to the State's taxation solution. This position is located in the System Support Office (SSO) team, which is responsible for the maintenance and operations activities to support technology solutions for the Department of Revenue's (DOR) Taxation Division and its stakeholders. The primary solutions supported are FAST Enterprise's GenTax, including the external-facing Revenue Online, and Fairfax Software's Quick Modules. The System Support Office maintains the ownership of these solutions and works jointly with vendors and business partners to ensure the solutions are operating as needed, and to facilitate change and fixes when they are not. The SSO team employs standard software development methodology and tools to facilitate the gathering of business requirements that will allow our business partners to meet successfully the initiatives set for DOR using the technology resources available. Additionally, the team supports the maintenance and operations of technology solutions through the planning and management of projects as they relate to the existing solutions or new legislation. With an eye towards customer service, the team collaborates with internal and external stakeholders to build success at the intersection of business and technology. What this position will do: This position is a critical interface between business partners and the development teams for the ongoing maintenance and operations. The main tasks for this position include performing detailed requirements analysis, unit testing, documenting processes, and managing user acceptance testing. The analyst will assist with the implementation and support of business solutions across numerous workgroups and ultimately provide solutions that help achieve the business' goals. As a Business Analyst, this position is responsible for the following: DETERMINE SCOPE AND DEVELOP USER REQUIREMENTS Conduct business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities, and solutions for business partners. The incumbent will serve in a consultative capacity for technical business processes; develop solution prototypes that promote increased efficiency and productivity on multiple levels. Define and manage the scope for assigned projects (in partnership with other business analysts). CREATE AND IMPLEMENT PROJECT PLANS As needed, the business analyst will work with stakeholders to develop project plans for larger service requests. These plans may include all of the steps in the software development life cycle. PERFORM, EVALUATE, AND COMMUNICATE THOROUGH QUALITY ASSURANCE Develop, execute, and communicate the results of scenarios that test the execution of a solution's component to evaluate whether the solution meets the requirements outlined in the acceptance criteria and performs the intended functions that resolve the stakeholder's concerns. CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT Serve as a liaison between stakeholders and users, partner with other stakeholder teams across business units (E.G., business tax, individual tax, gaming, compliance) to develop necessary analysis and documentation collaboratively, communicating effectively and efficiently with production, managerial, and executive teams. MAINTAIN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL DOCUMENTATION Create and review training, procedure, and reference documents and other materials according to guidelines. While maintaining version control, edit, revise, and compare existing documentation with changes in solution operations. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights All State of Colorado classified employees are required to be rated on the core competencies of Communication, Interpersonal Skills, Customer Service, Accountability and Job Knowledge. In addition to those core competencies all DOR employees are also required to posses and demonstrate the ability to follow written and oral instructions, the ability to multi-task, the ability to work with confidential information, the ability to work in high-stress environments, the ability to engage in continuous process improvements and the demonstrated ability to assist customers. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's degree in Business Analysis, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance or Accounting. AND Two years of professional experience as a Business or Systems Analyst or related experience. SUBSTITUTIONS: Additional appropriate experience in Business Analysis, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance or Accounting will substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis. Additional appropriate education in Business Analysis, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance or Accounting. will substitute for the required experience on a year-for-year basis. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS and COMPETENCIES The following preferred experience(s), competencies and abilities are highly desirable for this position and will be considered in selecting the successful candidate: Proven experience as a business analyst. Facilitating requirements gathering sessions Documenting user stories/ business requirements Developing testing scripts Facilitating UAT Experience working in an Agile/ Scrum environment. Experience supporting an existing software solution, including completing version upgrades. Proven ability to work as a team and accept supervision. Proven success organizing and tracking workload. International Institute of Business Analysis. DOR REQUIRED SKILLS & COMPETENCIES: Competencies required for all DOR positions include good communications skills, interpersonal and people management skills, the ability to multi-task, the ability to work with confidential information, the ability to work in high-stress environments, and the demonstrated ability to assist customers. The following are conditions of employment with the Colorado Department of Revenue: 1. As a condition of employment with the Colorado Department of Revenue, a requirement exists that all personnel timely file all necessary Colorado Individual Income Tax (CIIT) returns and timely pay tax obligations. As such, all employees must undergo a pre-employment evaluation of their tax records/accounts to ensure compliance with this policy. 2. Employees are in a position of public trust in the performance of their job duties and must operate in a manner that maintains the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and public confidence. All job finalists require successful completion of a background investigation and reference check prior to appointment. Background checks may include national criminal, financial, traffic, civil, education, and/or experience checks or any other checks related to the job assignment. Fingerprint background checks and pre-employment drug testing may also be required for some positions. Appeal Rights If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Supplemental Information EQUITY, DIVERSITY, and INCLUSION COMPLIANCE The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment Guidelines for EDI Compliance for Job Announcements in CO-Jobs Prepared by: Department of Personnel & Administration Division of Human Resources, Consulting Services Page 1 of 3 January 29, 2020 opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. The Colorado Department of Revenue is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Jacqueline Brown-Tremble at jacqueline.brown-tremble@state.co.us E-MAIL ADDRESS: All correspondence regarding your status in the selection/examination process will be conducted via e-mail. Include a working email address on your application; one that is checked often as time sensitive correspondence such as exam information or notification will take place via email. Please set up your e-mail to accept messages from \"state.co.us\" and \"info@governmentjobs.com\" addresses. It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email. APPLICANT CHECKLIST: Only complete applications submitted by the closing date for this announcement will be given consideration. Failure to submit properly completed documents by the closing date of this announcement may result in your application being rejected. Complete Applications must include the following documents: 1) A complete CDOR Application for Announced Vacancy (Submit online using the link in this announcement) 2) A complete Supplemental Questionnaire (Submit online as part of your application) 3) A chronological resume (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) 4) A Cover Letter with a Written Narrative. The written narrative should describe your interest in this position and specifically how your education, abilities, skills and experience relate to the requirements, responsibilities and competencies listed in the job announcement. (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS: Part of, or the entire comparative analysis for this position, may involve a review of the information submitted in the application material, including the answers to the supplemental questions. Therefore, it is paramount that in the experience portion of the application, the applicant describes the extent to which they possess the education, experience, competencies and background as they relate to the duties outlined in the job announcement, as well as the special and/or preferred qualifications. List your employment history starting with the most recent job, including part-time, temporary, and volunteer jobs. If more than one job was held with a given organization, list each job held as a separate period of employment. Under \"Duties,\" describe clearly the tasks you performed and the nature of your supervisory, technical, or other responsibilities as they relate to the job for which you are applying. Be complete and specific in detailing of duties. Information must be accurate, including dates of employment. If it is found that information provided is falsified, you will not be considered for a job with the State of Colorado and/or may be removed from a job after hire. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions may affect the applicant's score and/or prevent them from competing in any subsequent measures used to arrive at a top group of applicants. Factors to be assessed are those outlined in the requirements, competencies, and preferred qualifications. Years will be expressed in terms of full-time equivalent service with full-time workload equal to one (1) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) year. No more than 1.00 FTE year may be credited in any twelve (12) month period. Positions working 40 hours or less per week will be pro-rated (30 hrs/wk=0.75 FTE=9 mos credit; 20 hrs/wk=0.5 FTE=6 mos credit; 10 hrs/wk=0.25 FTE=3 mos credit) The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building work environments that are inclusive and reflect our communities and the diverse talents of all people. We strongly encourage candidates from all backgrounds and abilities to apply. ",
    "Location": "Lakewood, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Colorado",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "3 days ago"
}
