{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/out?r=InaXGjz8L7H5WgtjS7vDJBS7PaSfti5bIxLCK_Uucw8wcwlZR4tFTwx6waqcjxpV_T0G0Ee6vYvYf49LeJXu8w0U7Pg8RWKKyoW49cDykyg_kLHFwyESjgUlm-gR3S9tAoTP0ZhdzIbEo8-T_vH5v1BF6EYWG4c6c5I5daM7_SLEgmQ_ECCCoZ5oLdWfBZ9xQQ",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://za.simplyhired.com/search?q=attorney",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Legal Officer - Standard Bank | Gauteng",
    "Hash": "670618DF84A25BDB7204837095F614CC",
    "Url": "https://za.simplyhired.com/job/sNW9ysE6vkOemswS61xB1_hd1O6NAxOXnfY91GLT8EKTwW65_EBpgQ?q=attorney",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Post Jobs Sign In Sign In Post Jobs Free Local Jobs South Africa United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center Legal Officer Standard Bank - Gauteng 2 days ago Apply Now Overview Job ID: 47566 Job Sector: Banking Country: South Africa Region/State/Province/District: Gauteng Location: Simmonds Job Details Group Shared Services: driving operational excellence, transparency and continuous improvement across our business, by leveraging scale, capabilities and innovation. Job Purpose The role entails receiving and vetting new inflow, preparing documents, vetting affidavits, agreements and correspondence, trial preparation and invoice management, all within the agreed timelines and in line with agreed Service Level Agreements (\u201cSLA\u201d). The role requires analysis of the legal correspondence and attorney reports received with the objective to interpret and understand the content. The role further requires management of external attorney relationships and influencing attorney behaviour. The role performs across product, Home Loans, VAF, Business Lending, Retails Lending, Card Lending, Diners Club and Access Loans Key Responsibilities/Accountabilities Optimally, effectively, efficiently and timeously respond to and/or action new inflow received. Identify, interpret (with the objective to understand) and vet new instructions received to ensure that the pleadings, notices and supporting documents are in order and contain no fatal errors or non-compliance with applicable legislation and internal processes and policies. Attend to action new inflow as soon as possible but not later than 48 hours after receipt unless the inflow is of an urgent nature and must be attended to immediately in line with Output group 2. Provide vendor with appropriate instructions and notify any stakeholders and/or business partners where appropriate. Identify, report and escalate all legal risks which would impact the reputation and integrity of the Bank and/or affect the financial industry or result in negative findings against the Bank for non-compliance with legislation. Correct, accurate and timeous legal instructions to be given to vendors and any stakeholders and/or business partners where appropriate. Reverse legal costs debited to the customer\u2019s account on particularly Home Loans and VAF inflow in line with the applicable policies and procedures. Ensure all accounts which form part of the legal officer\u2019s portfolio are open on both the My Attorneys and CACS system and in the correct step/stage on the systems. Ensure when a matter is finalised, the account is routed out of Specialised Legal within 24 hours from the defended state on the CACS system and concluded/routed to cost recovery on My Attorneys. Further maintain detailed and accurate records of new inflow on the consolidated department Inflow schedule, and new outflow on the consolidated department Outflow Schedule. Update systems with the relevant information and upload all documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence relating to the account and ensure that the notes follow a chronological and detailed sequence. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risks to the Bank and allows a concise record of all matters to be readily available when necessary. Optimally, effectively, efficiently and timeously respond to and/or action urgent applications received. Urgent applications to be actioned immediately upon receipt thereof. Identify, interpret (with the objective to understand) and vet documents received to establish appropriate action required. Provide vendor with appropriate instructions and notify any stakeholders and/or business partners where appropriate. Update systems with the relevant information and upload all documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence relating to the account and ensure that the notes follow a chronological and detailed sequence. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank and allows a concise record of all matters to be readily available when necessary. Timeously report appeals, high-risk rescission applications or claims against the bank. On receipt of a new inflow relating to an appeal, a high-risk rescission application or claim against the Bank, advise the legal officer\u2019s line manager of same immediately. Within 72 hours of receipt, prepare a detailed summary of the legal action and current application together with the proposed course of action. Report any incidents that have or could potentially cause reputational and/or financial harm to the Bank and/or affect the financial industry or result in negative findings against the Bank for non-compliance with legislation, to your line manager within 24 hours after having obtained knowledge thereof. Update systems with the relevant information and upload all documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence relating to the account and ensure that the notes follow a chronological and detailed sequence. Further maintain detailed and accurate records on the consolidated department Appeal Schedule. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank and allows a concise record of all matters to be readily available when necessary. Timeously respond to and/or action new correspondence received, including vetting documents and correspondence received. Respond to and/or action new correspondence or requests received from attorneys as soon as reasonably possible after receiving the correspondence and if at all possible, not later than 48 hours after receipt. Documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence prepared by attorneys to be vetted for patent grammatical and accounting mistakes. When reference is made to extracts from credit agreements or pleadings the information must be scrutinised to confirm the correctness thereof. All legal arguments positioned in the aforementioned documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence must be correct and legally sound. Update systems with the relevant information and upload all documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence relating to the account and ensure that the notes follow a chronological and detailed sequence. Further maintain detailed and accurate records on the consolidated department Incident Report. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank, allows a concise record of all matters to be readily available when necessary and further manages external attorney relationships and influence attorney behaviour. Optimally, effectively, efficiently and timeously prepare for Trials Notify the legal officer\u2019s line manager of any matter set down for trial as soon as possible after having received notification thereof, but not later than 1 month after receipt of the notification from the legal officer\u2019s attorney. Ensure that the Bank is timeously furnished with an advice on evidence (prepared by the Bank\u2019s attorney of record or counsel) advising of the details of any documents and or witnesses required for purposes of trial as well as the possible risks the Bank may be exposed to should the trial proceed and how these risks may be overcome. Provide the necessary assistance to the attorney to arrange for consultations with any witnesses required for purposes of trial and the holding of the said consultations with all material witnesses. All preparations for trial are to be attended to and finalised not later than 2 months before the trial date. Update systems with the relevant information and upload all documents, pleadings, notices and correspondence relating to the account and ensure that the notes follow a chronological and detailed sequence. Further maintain detailed and accurate records on the consolidated department Court Roster. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront and allows a concise record of all matters to be readily available when necessary. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank and further manages external attorney relationships and influence attorney behaviour. Accurately and timeously prepare documents in support of the litigation. Prepare any and all documents required in the normal course of litigation and ensure the documents comply with the standard forms being utilised by the greater team. Vet documents for patent mistakes prior to delivery thereof for undersigning by the relevant manager. Update systems with the relevant information and upload documents. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank. Optimal, effective and efficient Vendor Management Manage the vendor relationship to ensure that the vendor is efficiently performing and to address all non-performance or poor performance with the vendor. Book-in sessions with vendors should be held at least once every 3 months (one session per attorney per quarter). Book-in sessions should be minuted, signed by the relevant parties and submitted to the senior manager in the month that same was agreed to with your line manager. Ensure that the matrix report tool contains accurate and useful information. Update systems with the relevant information and upload documents. Further maintain detailed and accurate records on the consolidated department Incident Report. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank and further manages external attorney relationships and influence attorney behaviour. Provide vendors with correct, accurate and timeous instructions. Correct, accurate and timeous legal instructions to be given to attorneys. Update systems with the relevant information and upload documents. Effective execution of this output enables the legal officer and/or legal manager to pro-actively manage their respective portfolios and identify key risks upfront. The output further mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank and further manages external attorney relationships and influence attorney behaviour. Timeously respond to and/or action queries/complaints received Notify your line manager of any new complaint immediately or as soon as reasonably possible after receipt thereof. An acknowledgement of the complaint must be dispatched before the close of business on the day on which it has been received. Complaints/queries received from customers or stakeholders (irrespective of the forum) must be actioned as soon as reasonably possible and if at all possible, feedback to be provided before close of business on the day that the complaint was received, alternatively prepare a holding response by close of business on the day that the complaint/query is received. Where a CRC complaint is received it is required where reasonably possible to provide feedback to the stakeholder within 4 hours of receipt of the complaint. If for whatever reason the legal officer is unable to action or reply to the complaint within 4 hours, the legal officer is encouraged to approach his/her line manager timeously in order to discuss options available to resolve any issues preventing the legal officer from completing the task and that same can be managed with the stakeholder requiring the response to the complaint. Feedback to be provided every 48 hours to the stakeholder/third party until the complaint or query is finalised. Update systems with the relevant information and upload documents. Effective execution of this output mitigates all legal and reputational risk to the Bank. Manage the money Manage professional fee spend including actively ensuring that the cost recovery process is attended to diligently and timeously. Invoices to be vetted and attended to within the relevant time frames provided by the Specialised Legal Admin team. Update systems with the relevant information and upload documents. This output has a direct impact on and contributes to the Operations Budget management and manages external attorney relationships and influence attorney behaviour. Preferred Qualification and Experience LLB Must be an Admitted Attorney 2 Years\u2019 experience in civil litigation process including defended legal procedures. Consumer Protection Act National Credit Act Magistrates\u2019 and High Court Rules Prescription Act Good Office Skills, Microsoft Office \u2013 Outlook, Word and Excel 2 Years\u2019 Managing, identifying and mitigating complex legal risks. 2 years\u2019 experience in a banking environment including Credit product knowledge (Corporate Banking) Knowledge/Technical Skills/Expertise Legal Drafting Legal Knowledge Legal Administration Business Acumen Promote Good Governance, Risk and Control Verbal & Written Communication PLEASE NOTE: All our recruitment and selection processes comply with applicable local laws and regulations. We will never ask for money or any form of payment as part of our recruitment process. If you experience this, please contact our Fraudline on +27 800222050 or forward to TransactionFraudOpsSA@standardbank.co.za Apply Now South Africa United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center"
}