{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=H73Vyhy16NguLbILpOGFKSQ9QC2ZJOQ1tRjhtL0RnRQhUo05qzp3C_iyi_FK9R-wbXocuNMrNlXOVS6qP31LOHOGbtRtNT4cqxVRqmVi-opMMwft8gtmuBSQixlcc2DLb2PM6Efg6ymJf33R4LoNqviOu3P9pGlzlmR-C7CpwfigTXhi2rFlTT6ZL1mm_gjPGIo",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/img4AwQXsQpu75rP9394iECRDxrDZwZK8PjMuTDthMdHikPNaYcvdAeqxmdIKhL4DKmKvpsrK3f4b5a-CnQl176ZiZrzR0bujE-Nm4VYtuitORNN66OxEEiwrduJcS32XrY-vME1vGnCtbhFPs0dFpWjhmBgx8",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Background Investigator (TAA-80421-06.2020) - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Lakewood, CO",
    "Hash": "67B046FF7053E951685C67C114D91A54",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/FIz8XQ0s0eMwCrtSjt0rWmvWY3M2OuX54k3VJy3LVju22LcMf6S-rQ",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Background Investigator (TAA-80421-06.2020) State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Lakewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time | Temporary$5,000 a month13 days ago Benefits Health Insurance Dental Insurance Employee Discount Wellness Program Paid Time Off Qualifications Data Entry Databases Interviewing Microsoft Word Driver's License Bachelor's Degree Full Job Description Department Information The Colorado Department of Revenue (CDOR) employs approximately 1,600 hard-working and dedicated employees throughout Colorado. We can be seen performing functions as varied as auditing and collecting taxes, issuing driver licenses and motor vehicle titles, marketing lottery products, enforcing liquor laws, and regulating gaming, horse racing, marijuana, and the auto industry and assisting the citizens of our state. VISION: To empower businesses and individuals through quality customer service, innovation and collaboration. MISSION: To become a trusted partner to every Coloradan to help them navigate the complexities of government so they can thrive. The Colorado Department of Revenue offers a competitive benefit package including: Public Employees Retirement Account (PERA), Medical and dental health insurance options, Ten paid holidays per year, Accrual of paid vacation and sick leave, Due to COVID-19 a potential remote work policy BenefitHub a state employee discount program CafeWell an employee wellness program Description of Job IMPORTANT NOTE: This posiiton is a State Temporary Aide. The length of employment for this position will not exceed 9-months. Marijuana Enforcement Division The Marijuana Enforcement Division (MED) is a dynamic and innovative regulatory agency tasked with licensing and regulating the commercial Medical and Retail Marijuana industries in Colorado. First formed in 2010 as the Medical Marijuana Enforcement Division, the MED has developed a leading-edge approach to commercial marijuana regulation and is considered a global regulatory and industry leader. The Division implements legislation, develops regulations, conducts regulatory and criminal investigations, issues business licenses, engages in outreach and education initiatives, and enforces compliance mandates using a range of intervention strategies necessary to maintain a progressive and robust regulatory framework. The MED promotes transparency and innovation by utilizing a collaborative approach to engaging with stakeholders and by proactively and positively pursuing solutions to issues in a fast-paced professional environment. Culture & Environment: The Marijuana Enforcement Division\u2019s culture emphasizes Emotional Intelligence and Problem Solving. Members of our team are solution-oriented strategic thinkers who demonstrate professionalism, collaboration and integrity in all interactions. The MED operates in a dynamic and complex environment that requires members of our team to support one another in navigating new issues, demonstrate agility, embrace challenges as opportunities, and communicate with empathy, respect, and in the interest of progress. Vision: Regulatory excellence through progressive and proactive compliance and enforcement practices. Mission: Our mission is to promote public safety and reduce public harm by regulating the Colorado commercial marijuana industry through consistent administration of laws and regulations and strategic integration of process management, functional expertise, and innovative problem-solving. This position is located in the Background Investigations Team of the Colorado Department of Revenue's Marijuana's Enforcement Division. As a Temporary Aide Background Investigator, this position will be responsible for Plans, coordinates and conducts complex investigations involving multi-jurisdictional entities. The purpose of the investigation is to: determine and evaluate areas of tax information, financial documentation, reputation, civil litigation, criminal history, accuracy of provided disclosures, and areas of fraud and misrepresentation. Prepares detailed written reports and presents findings to the Colorado Marijuana Enforcement Division to determine suitability for position appointment. Completes a detailed written report and presents the findings to the Colorado Marijuana Enforcement Division Director or his designee. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's degree in Business administration, public administration, criminology, criminal justice, criminalistics, political science, police science, law enforcement, law, psychology, sociology or any related field AND One (1) year of full-time professional investigative (background) experience. SUBSTITUTIONS Criminal Investigative experience will substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Applicants must possess a valid Colorado driver's license PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS and COMPETENCIES The following preferred experience(s), competencies and abilities are highly desirable for this position and will be considered in selecting the successful candidate: Previous experience conducting background checks using local and national databases Thse applicants with previous experience performing background checks related to Law Enforcement are strongly encouraged to apply Those applicants that are Colorado P.O.S.T. Certified are encouraged to apply. Previous experience in a licensing or regulatory environment Excellent interpersonal skills Data entry skills Proficiency in MS Word and Excel, Google Calendar and Google Sheets CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Must possess and maintain a valid Colorado driver's license or Colorado issued ID (at the time of application) Must be able to pass a background check Random drug tests may be required of all positions due to the nature of the industry Candidate may be required to pass a Pre-Employment Drug Screen NOTE: Applicants applying for this opening will be subject to a Colorado Department of Revenue Background Check. In performing this investigation, there are certain offenses which as a rule will typically disqualify an applicant for any hiring consideration. These include having been convicted of and/or receiving a deferred judgment for a felony; deferred prosecution; or pleas of nolo contendre in the State of Colorado and other States with similar offenses. Due to the nature of the business, and more importantly this job assignment, the list of offenses includes, but is not limited to, the following: theft, fraud, unlawful possession of controlled or dangerous substances, assaultive offenses, and/or offenses involving use of a firearm or dangerous weapon. Successful completion of a background investigation is required. Should an applicant's background reveal criminal charges, it shall be the responsibility of the applicant to provide the Department with written/official disposition of any charges during the background investigation process. Applicants that have been terminated with cause from past employment and/or have sustained allegations of rule, policy and procedure violations will receive additional scrutiny as part of the investigation. Applicants with a direct or indirect interest in any medical or retail marijuana license or licensee or hold an occupational license are prohibited from employment with the Marijuana Enforcement Division. A state licensing authority employee with regulatory oversight responsibilities for marijuana businesses licensed by the state licensing authority shall not work for, represent, or provide consulting services to or otherwise derive pecuniary gain from a marijuana business licensed by the state licensing authority or other business entity established for the primary purpose of providing services to the marijuana industry for a period of six (6) months following his or her last day of employment with the state licensing authority. Applicants must be willing and able to travel in and out of state as required to perform investigations. Applicants must be willing to work nights, rotating shifts, weekends, and holidays; and must possess and maintain a Colorado driver's license. (Be sure to include your driver's license number on your application). Random drug testing may be required of all positions due to the nature of the industry. CDOR SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS As a condition of employment with the Colorado Department of Revenue, a requirement exists that all personnel timely file all necessary Colorado Individual Income Tax (CIIT) returns and timely pay tax obligations. As such, all employees must undergo a pre-employment evaluation of their tax records/accounts to ensure compliance with this policy. Employees are in a position of public trust in the performance of their job duties and must operate in a manner that maintains the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and public confidence. All job finalists require successful completion of a background investigation and reference check prior to appointment. Background checks may include national criminal, financial, traffic, civil, education, and/or experience checks or any other checks related to the job assignment. Fingerprint background checks and pre-employment drug testing may also be required for some positions. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Applicants are strongly encouraged to apply online. However, if NOT applying online, applications from Department of Revenue employees may be faxed to 303-866-3718. EQUITY, DIVERSITY, and INCLUSION COMPLIANCE The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment Guidelines for EDI Compliance for Job Announcements in CO-Jobs Prepared by: Department of Personnel & Administration Division of Human Resources, Consulting Services Page 1 of 3 January 29, 2020 opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. The Colorado Department of Revenue is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Jacqueline Brown-Tremble at jacqueline.brown-tremble@state.co.us Supplemental Information E-MAIL ADDRESS: All correspondence regarding your status in the selection/examination process will be conducted via e-mail. Include a working email address on your application; one that is checked often as time sensitive correspondence WILL take place via email. Exam information or notification will take place via email; check your email frequently. Please include your current e-mail address on your application and set up your e-mail to accept messages from \"state.co.us\" and \"info@governmentjobs.com\" addresses. It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email. APPLICANT CHECKLIST: Only complete applications submitted by the closing date for this announcement will be given consideration. Failure to submit properly completed documents by the closing date of this announcement may result in your application being rejected. Complete Applications must include the following documents: 1) A complete CDOR Application for Announced Vacancy (Submit online using the link in this announcement) 2) A complete Supplemental Questionnaire (Submit online as part of your application) 3) A chronological resume (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) 4) A Cover Letter with a Written Narrative. The written narrative should describe your interest in this position and specifically how your education, abilities, skills and experience relate to the requirements, responsibilities and competencies listed in the job announcement. (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS: Part of, or the entire comparative analysis for this position, may involve a review of the information submitted in the application material, including the answers to the supplemental questions. Therefore, it is paramount that in the experience portion of the application, the applicant describes the extent to which they possess the education, experience, competencies and background as they relate to the duties outlined in the job announcement, as well as the special and/or preferred qualifications. List your employment history starting with the most recent job, including part-time, temporary, and volunteer jobs. If more than one job was held with a given organization, list each job held as a separate period of employment. Under \"Duties,\" describe clearly the tasks you performed and the nature of your supervisory, technical, or other responsibilities as they relate to the job for which you are applying. Be complete and specific in detailing of duties. Information must be accurate, including dates of employment. If it is found that information provided is falsified, you will not be considered for a job with the State of Colorado and/or may be removed from a job after hire. \"See resume\" statements will not be accepted in lieu of a properly competed application. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions may affect the applicant's score and/or prevent them from competing in any subsequent measures used to arrive at a top group of applicants. Factors to be assessed are those outlined in the requirements, competencies, and preferred qualifications. Years will be expressed in terms of full-time equivalent service with full-time workload equal to one (1) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) year. No more than 1.00 FTE year may be credited in any twelve (12) month period. Positions working 40 hours or less per week will be pro-rated (30 hrs/wk=0.75 FTE=9 mos credit; 20 hrs/wk=0.5 FTE=6 mos credit; 10 hrs/wk=0.25 FTE=3 mos credit) The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building work environments that are inclusive and reflect our communities and the diverse talents of all people. We strongly encourage candidates from all backgrounds and abilities to apply. ",
    "Location": "Lakewood, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Colorado",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "13 days ago"
}
