{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=kXlQbcLlJAigyOtkECOwN0rcbi_lcnyVKVkHGWs41gCbvmTf5AaX__hBUNE_D8VRV-8TXjAyZM7N2FbWSmyHkojC-65c9v2RE_hwkTqaZR73cdYasnvYEuWt7cqiMYxAhRQiauCOk6BkhQs-ooUO3w02Inzr-SAnHBTw3WJ4mdlsoH-PoLI9mhl1JZx-cQ9LZuI",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgSobV35Ifl3e187Ibb_uLU7AD1M8IPIUAwSewWjwy3BE8U4pGJ2R_g-mwSKTRzoG2NHEoim1n5CmekFxImimWlDJw1hg1d0RcihdQe68SULBKHav3FBX_ceLN9dToLXBmq3uFx62VOs4c5nQZkrCA35GZ4OE",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879?from=serp_category_breadcrumbs&dupe=i51PMhI6Dwmw2i7boBTiXY_PYG-Y_0DE7QyOCo8V5HZmmdPWR-4Xp5sSD3fX2DCXS_Xr&pp",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Health System Administrator (Health Services Administrator) - US Department of Justice | Ray Brook, NY",
    "Hash": "76C22EE6C23ABE3D617C44F69FB1223E",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/a1soIRlCyzV6B1_HWIcLVj85ef_DPEXcK5q-h8bKYMFoXOOmQE8LUg?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Health System Administrator (Health Services Administrator) US Department of Justice - 4.1 Ray Brook, NY Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$77,000 - $100,000 a year Benefits Health Savings Account Health Insurance Qualifications Administrative Experience Medical Records Writing Skills Data Entry Supervising Experience Full Job Description Duties Summary Why work for the Federal Bureau of Prisons? You can have a meaningful career with an agency that truly values a diverse workforce. You will find a diverse workforce employed from entry level jobs to senior management positions. We protect public safety by ensuring federal offenders serve their sentences of imprisonment in facilities that are safe, humane, and provide reentry programming. Employees at correctional facilities perform correctional work regardless of their specific occupation. Responsibilities The HSA, in collaboration with the Clinical Director, manages and directs the activities of a multi-disciplinary team of health care professionals who are responsible for medical, dental, and allied health services (pharmacy, lab and x-ray) to the inmate population. This requires an understanding of the critical balance between the administrative and clinical functions in the health care delivery system. The health care services provided include inpatient and outpatient care in either an institution setting or at a local hospital, routine health maintenance services, emergency services, chronic care of inmates with long term illnesses and care of inmates released to Residential Re-entry Centers (RRC) or home confinement. The HSA may also manage and direct dental and allied health services such as a pharmacy, lab and x-ray. The HSA implements the agency\u2019s re-entry initiatives including timely Inmate Skills Assessment data entry at admission and evaluation of health status documented in an updated electronic exit summary at release. Ensures the provision of release medications and electronic transmission of health records to community healthcare providers rendering continued medical or mental health care when applicable. Incumbent serves as a cost center manager to prepare estimates and administer an annual budget. Manages a procurement system to provide adequate levels of medical, surgical, dental, and pharmaceutical supplies. Incumbent provides administrative supervision either directly or through the Assistant Health System Administrator to subordinate staff, i.e., Mid-Level Practitioners, EMTs, Pharmacist, Clinical Nurses, Medical Record Technician, Dental Assistant, contract medical staff, etc. Develops and coordinates internal review systems to assure compliance of the standards of the American Correctional Association (ACA) and the(JCAHO), as well as other regulatory groups and higher agency authorities. Along with all other correctional institution employees, incumbent is charged with responsibility for maintaining security of the institution. The staff correctional responsibilities precede all others required by this position and are performed on a regular and recurring basis. Travel Required Occasional travel - Travel may be required for training. Supervisory status Yes Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 0670 Health System Administration Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment U.S. Citizenship is Required. See Special Conditions of Employment Section. The Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) provides eligible surplus and displaced competitive service employees in the Department of Justice with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your Department of Justice component has notified you in writing that you are a surplus or displaced employee eligible for CTAP eligibility, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your CTAP eligibility; 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement; and 3) you are found well qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must satisfy all qualification requirements for the vacant position and score 85 or better on established ranking criteria. You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP eligibility with your application. Additional information about CTAP eligibility is at: Click Here Qualifications To be considered for the position, you must meet the following qualification requirements. Education: There is no substitution of education for specialized experience for this position. OR Experience: You must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in difficulty and complexity to the next lower grade level in federal service. Specialized experience is progressively responsible analytical or administrative, or clinical management or supervisory experience in the health care field. This work may have been performed in an operating health care facility or a higher organizational echelon with advisory or directional authority over such facilities. Work must have involved a close working relationship with facility managers and analysis and/or coordination administrative, clinical or other service activities and provided knowledge of the following: Missions, organizations, programs, and requirements of health care delivery systems. Regulations and standards or various regulatory and credentialing groups. Government-wide, agency, and facility systems and requirements in various administrative areas such as budget, personnel, and procurement. Applicants must also possess: Management ability to delegate authority, evaluate and oversee people and programs, recognize and adapt to changing priorities. Knowledge of the interrelationships and interdependencies among various medical and administrative services and programs. Some examples of the qualifying specialized experience are: Experience that demonstrates knowledge of Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Organizations (JCAHO), American Correctional Association (ACA), Occupational Safety Health Administration (OSHA), program/operational review guidelines and regulations. Experience supervising a full range of medical administrative services including fiscal, personnel, supply, medical records administration and hospital housekeeping. Experience participating in the development, implementation and monitoring of administrative and clinical policies and programs as it relates to health care services. Experience coordinating purchases and/or contracts for supplies, equipment, specialty care or ancillary services and maintaining par inventory levels. Credit will be given for paid and unpaid experience. To receive proper credit, you must show the actual time (such as number of hours worked per week) spent in the activities. **Your eligibility for consideration will be based on your responses to the questions in the application.** Education See Qualifications Section for education requirements, if applicable. ONLY if education is a requirement/substitution for specialized experience, applicant MUST upload legible transcripts as verification of educational requirement. Transcripts MUST be uploaded and electronically linked from USAJOBS at the time you apply and MUST include identifying information to include School Name, Student Name, Degree and Date Awarded (if applicable). All academic degrees and coursework must be completed at a college or university that has obtained accreditation or pre-accreditation status from an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools that meet this criteria, Click Here. Foreign Education: For information regarding foreign education requirements, please see Foreign Diploma and Credit Recognition at the U.S. Department of Education website: Recognition of Foreign Qualifications. If you are selected for this position and qualified based on education (i.e. basic education requirement and/or substitution of education), you will be required to provide an OFFICIAL transcript prior to your first day on duty. Additional information This position IS NOT included in the bargaining unit. In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3307, a maximum entry age of 36 has been established for initial appointment to a position in a Bureau of Prisons institution. The representative rate for this position is $89,394 per annum ($40.44 per hour). Special Conditions of Employment Section: Initial appointment to a supervisory/managerial position requires a one-year probationary period. The incumbent is subject to geographic relocation to meet the needs of the agency. Appointment is subject to satisfactory completion of a urinalysis, physical, and background investigation. All applicants are subject to National Crime Information Center (NCIC) and credit checks. All applicants not currently working in an institution will be required to complete a qualification inquiry regarding convictions of misdemeanor crimes of domestic violence in order to be authorized to carry a firearm. The Core Value Assessment (CVA) is an in-person assessment that must be facilitated at a Bureau of Prisons Human Resource Servicing office. On the day of the scheduled interview, a CVA will be administered. The applicant assessment must be completed within a 70 minute time period and a passing score must be obtained. Further employment consideration will not be extended if the applicant fails to complete the examination or fails to achieve a passing score. Note: The Core Value Assessment will not be administered to current BOP employees. Successful completion of the \"Introduction to Correctional Techniques,\" three-week training course at Glynco, Georgia is required. The addresses listed on the USAJOBS account/resume must be the primary residence at the time of application. You may be required to provide proof of residence. Additional selections may be made if vacancies occur within the life of the certificate. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. If your composite score exceeds the average score for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your online assessment questionnaire responses and utilized to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed in this announcement. If you rate yourself higher than what is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. If you are found to be among the top candidates, you will be referred to the selecting official for employment consideration. There are several parts of the application process that affect the overall evaluation of your application: Your resume, which is part of your USAJOBS profile; Your responses to the eligibility questions; Your responses to the online assessment questionnaire; Your supporting documentation, if required. Time-in-Grade: Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements for consideration. You must meet all qualification requirements upon the closing date of this announcement. What Competencies/Knowledge, Skills and Abilities are Required for this Position? The following Competencies/Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's) are required: Ability to develop and manage health service programs integrating medical and administrative activities. Knowledge of JCAHO, federal, state and local government regulations. Ability to relate and deal effectively with physicians, superiors, peers and others. Ability to supervise and develop the potential of subordinate staff. Ability to communicate in writing. To preview questions please click here. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required Yes Required Documents Required Documents Resume showing relevant experience (cover letter optional). In order to receive credit for experience contained in a resume, your employment history must be documented in month/year format (MM/YYYY), reflecting starting date and ending date and include the number of hours worked per week. Failure to follow this format may result in disqualification. Current or former Federal employees NOT employed by the Bureau of Prisons MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment, tenure group, and salary. If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. If you are applying for a higher grade, and your experience was gained at a Federal agency other than the Bureau of Prisons, you MUST provide the SF-50 Form which verifies the length of time you have been in your highest grade and supports your claim for time in grade. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment. Current federal employees NOT employed by the BOP and former federal employees MUST submit a copy of their latest yearly performance appraisal/evaluation. Military Spouses who meet the requirement of Executive Order 13832 - must include marriage certificate and copy of active duty military members orders OR letter from VA OR DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse, OR SF-50. For more information Click Here. CTAP, Click Here, if applicable. Failure to provide these documents could possibly result in removal from consideration for this vacancy. If uploading documentation, do not identify/save your documents utilizing a special character such as %, #, @, etc. Documentation should be identified/saved as VA Letter, DD214, or Transcripts. We cannot be held responsible for incompatible software, delays in mail service, applicant application errors, etc. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Internal to an agency Current federal employees of this agency. Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a \"surplus\" or \"displaced\" employee. Military spouses Clarification from the agency BOP Employees Nationwide \u2022 DOJ Surplus and Displaced (CTAP) Employees in the local commuting area. \u2022 Military Spouse under Executive Order 13832. \u2022 Duty Location: FCI Ray Brook, NY NOTE: A $20,000 RELOCATION INCENTIVE WILL BE PAID TO SELECTEE(S) WHO MEETS THE CRITERIA FOR RELOCATION INCENTIVES AND A 24 MONTH SERVICE AGREEMENT. Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}