{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=eEB-FPaJzvNC_rRCQsH8dSzLmoOADPRydJ-p7QH9UiJPxPexU2I91SoBGF-v3Ol8prLXGzdcGuDpLu437F2TtKGA-lpCHMPphyT9so6OhGLieoSkDjYqBi0V-zuNQjSqmje9Kks49wBrMxcZyzyW3K6gPScRJ6VjemjrY6cuhviqaLFPKCuN0vd0C1gSsEmIlOo",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgZKz8742KZbDqcuGuBpVkyZ-BbfJsRJrkWEm8MHmZMbVddvmQvGVVVOQQfnmxnDK20jjanoBYoCXfTyX7bQIhZCNCez-N085tsBjCFGadeJfk0WRQuHPmT0IIXl6uT5BxAy9LnwWm0AT1Z3gDtZ_JywY7MBE",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Clerk (Initial Assistance Representative) - US Department of the Treasury | Denver, CO",
    "Hash": "86378F50BE5004C8EF9D2949B57ECAD5",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/Y8fOAT898Q31tTbrEwjwf8vo6kMNbBLEk9QmA-lY2ECqU0zAhzcmsA",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Clerk (Initial Assistance Representative) US Department of the Treasury - 4.0 Denver, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$38,000 - $50,000 a year1 day ago Benefits Health Insurance Flexible Schedule Life Insurance Paid Time Off Qualifications Customer Service Administrative Experience Clerical Experience High School Diploma or GED Bachelor's Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary The U.S. Department of the Treasury has a distinguished history dating back to the founding of our nation. As the steward of U.S. economic and financial systems, Treasury is a major and influential leader in today's global economy. We have over 100,000 employees across the country and around the world. Come Join the Department of the Treasury and Invest in Tomorrow. See \u201cOther Information\u201d for Locations. Responsibilities WHAT IS THE WAGE AND INVESTMENT DIVISION? The Wage & Investment Division (W&I) serves about 122 million taxpayers who file upwards of 94 million returns each year. W&I provides high-quality taxpayer assistance, and enable taxpayers to transact and communicate electronically to file their returns and make payments. WHAT DOES A CLERK DO? Clerks provide general clerical support to various offices. Clerks perform a critical role in the processing, distributing, and managing incoming and outgoing correspondence. The Mail and File Clerk processes both incoming and outgoing mail. In fact, Mail and File Clerks process more than a million pieces of correspondence, including tax returns, each year. The File Clerk while experiencing similar volumes is responsible for processing and filing documents. As a CLERK you will: Work in a number of offices throughout the IRS providing clerical support Receive, open, sort, and distribute both incoming and outgoing mail; route mail to various points within and outside the organization. Ensure all mail contains sufficient information for proper delivery. Maintain logs for mail accountability purposes. Screen documents, forms, and letters addressed or routed to various offices; research correspondence not addressed to specific functional areas. Screen material initially identified as \"unable to route\" to determine information requested and based on thorough knowledge of organization and functions of various offices, determine proper office which the material should be sent. Identify forms or documents requiring special priority handling and treat them accordingly. Receive and process incoming and outgoing registered and certified mail, and express mail shipments. Maintain appropriate records and/or logs for tracking and reconciliation purposes. Review and process outgoing mail through the mail-metering system; obtain and provides mail count data to appropriate person. WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov Travel Required Occasional travel - 1 to 5 Nights per Month Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 05 Job family (Series) 0303 Miscellaneous Clerk And Assistant Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Refer to Other Information. Click \"Print Preview\" to review the entire announcement before applying. Must be a U.S. Citizen or National. You must be at least 18 years of age or older, or at least 16 years of age or older, and meet one of the following: (1) have graduated from high school or have a certificate equivalent to graduating from high school; (2) have completed a formal vocational training program; or (3) have a statement from school authorities agreeing with the decision to pursue employment rather than continuing your education. Qualifications You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement: GS-05 LEVEL: A. One year of specialized at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-04 grade in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience that is related to the work of this position and has provided you with the competencies required for successful job performance. Specialized experience is administrative, typing or other work that indicates knowledge of the procedures and technique involved in carrying out the work of an organization and involves application of procedures and practices within the framework of established guidelines. Examples of General Clerical experience may be; A clerk, secretary, administrative assistant, maintaining accounting files, Accounts Receivable/payable filing clerk, data entry clerk, or other positions that included application of typing and/or telephone skills as a significant part of the work. OR A Bachelor's degree or four (4) years of education above high school in any field of study from an accredited college or university. OR A combination of education and experience equivalent to that described above. OR You may qualify by a combination of experience and education. Options for qualifying based on a combination will be identified in the online questions. The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume. Education Additional information 1 (One) Position is located in Wage and Investment Customer Assistant-Relationship & Ed(Care)Field Assistance Area 4, Group 445 at the following location: Denver, CO CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies. Additional jobs may be filled. This is a bargaining unit position. We offer opportunities for telework. We offer opportunities for flexible work schedules. Must meet IRS telework eligibility requirements. A 1-year probationary period is required. Must successfully complete a background investigation including an FBI criminal history record check (fingerprint check). If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the selective Service System or are exempt from doing so. Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal Employment, at the time requested by the Agency. Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer. Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the Form I-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S. Tour of Duty: Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Health and Life Insurance. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a \u201cnot qualified\u201d determination. Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Reading, Listening, Conscientiousness, Interpersonal Skills, Flexibility, Teamwork and Customer Service. Category rating will be used to rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you will be assigned to one of two quality level categories, (i.e., A/B = Best Qualified, C= Qualified) depending on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, and training related to this position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application. Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed. Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned category and considered before non-preference-eligibles in that category. Qualified preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest category. Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview (telephonic and/or in person at the discretion of the Selecting Official in accordance with hiring polices). We will not reimburse costs related to the interview such as travel to and from the interview site. If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP), you must receive a rating of category A/B to be rated as \u201cwell qualified\" to receive special selection priority. To preview questions please click here. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Not Required Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible). All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional). To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view Resume Tips VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION: If you are claiming veterans\u2019 preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 (Member 4 copy), or other official documentation from a branch of the Armed Forces or the Department of Veterans Affairs showing dates of service and type of discharge. Ten-point preference eligibles must also submit an Application for 10-point Veteran Preference, SF-15, along with the required documentation listed on the back of the SF-15 form. For more information on veterans' preference view FedsHireVets. Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs both within and outside the commuting area. EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION: For positions with an education requirement, or if you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to Department of Education Accreditation page. If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the OPM instructions. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Our comprehensive benefits are very generous. Our benefits package includes: Challenging work, opportunities for advancement, competitive salaries, bonuses and incentive awards. Ten paid holidays, 13 days of sick leave, and 13 to 26 days of vacation time each year. Access to insurance programs that may be continued after you retire. A wide choice of health insurance plans, coverage for pre-existing conditions, and no waiting periods. We pay a substantial amount (up to 75%) of the health insurance premiums. A retirement program which includes employer-matching contributions. Learn more about Federal benefits programs at: Pay and benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency U.S. Citizens or Nationals. "
}