{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=VfC8U4K1GUkchC8i03gHS3kRYcbWEGG5KIDMyuPPVrdCRaGNHVfYKtaLsxJpaoMfUrAsWbFddjlXbIFoQPTZeoKVsS4xf3QdkjbGjeTld5a8Vs10d7QDdaKtZBxxT7uOM4UGQQpZ1Nb-ZTZQSFf5qytBlVTQ6O40znLnCULtIn0w04N2f6iqNw6fk5vkgzzQ5Ng",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgY-XBp-t1k88EnpmLfioX7Q1MTswgJsw08J0XU1mKWF-6FiTRdZ8IdyFmQtxcOlnrp7XSZ_ynFlklaZP1C63M0ndVQ6v7gkTTiBY9roKPcO6gkVP-9tuinsN6TEcZVuMUhaYkDspjEim_bjvL5Ynvl7KX-WQ",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Marketing-and-Advertising-and-Public-Relations/category/401e4d4e-b08d-4b68-b13b-753959204c8e",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Public Affairs Specialist - US Department of the Interior | Harpers Ferry, WV",
    "Hash": "9901DC5620B3CC753BD6883AFA7AB889",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/Xu6gLlOnDiCGs2hPw40Po-Z-x3Jf72ciPZLm-Z539u5dXCpILwdt3Q?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Public Affairs Specialist US Department of the Interior - 4.2 Harpers Ferry, WV Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$60,000 - $77,000 a year5 days ago Benefits Health Insurance Qualifications Information Management Writing Skills Analysis Skills Driver's License Programmable Logic Controllers Master's Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary The incumbent ensures a variety of internal and external audiences are well informed about park programs, issues, operations, and events. Responsibilities Maintain effective relationships with local, regional, national, and international journalists, as well as with concessionaires, community leaders, elected or appointed officials and members of their staff, Park partners, members of the public, and representatives of interest and advocacy groups, in order to disseminate information or answer inquiries about Park programs, issues, operations and events. Develop communication plans; considering and determining appropriate audiences, aspects to emphasize, the most effective means to use in communicating with selected audiences and providing specific information needed for a variety of audiences. Manages outreach activities, coordinates complex public relations issues insuring timely issuance of news releases, as well as initiating contact with education institutions and various agencies and organizations to accomplish park and National Park Service Interpretive and Education objectives and to promote Park programs. Leads the commercial filming and photography program for the Park. Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential None Job family (Series) 1035 Public Affairs Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment U.S. Citizenship required. Appointment subject to background investigation and favorable adjudication. Meet Selective Service Registration Act requirement for males Selectee will be required to participate in the Direct Deposit Electronics Funds Transfer Program. Any individual who is currently holding, or has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet time-in-grade requirements (must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade or equivalent in the Federal service). Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. You will be required to operate a government (or private) motor vehicle as part of your official duties; a valid driver's license is required. You will be required to submit a Motor Vehicle Operator's License and Driving Record. You must also submit (within a State sealed envelope or submitted directly by the State authorities), and at your own expense, all certified driving records from all States that disclose all valid driver's licenses, whether current or past, possessed by you. You will be required to wear a uniform and comply with the National Park Service uniform standards. A uniform allowance will be provided. You may be required to work on-call, evenings, weekends, holidays, overtime and shift work. If you are a new employee or supervisor in the Federal government, you will be required to complete a one-year probationary period. You may be required to complete training and obtain/maintain a government charge card with travel and/or purchase authority. If referred to hiring manager a writing sample will be requested during the first phase of the interview process. Please bring with you no more than two or three examples of brochures that you personally developed; or Please bring an example that would demonstrate your analytical writing skills and/or Please bring an example of your manuscript typing ability that would include Greek symbols, equations, and footnotes. Qualifications All qualifications must be met by the closing date of this announcement-07/21/2020-unless otherwise stated in this vacancy announcement. Credit will be given for all appropriate qualifying experience. To receive credit for experience, your resume MUST clearly indicate the nature of the duties and responsibilities for each position, starting and ending dates of employment (month/year), and the resume must reflect either full-time or 40 hours per week. If a part-time work schedule is reflected, the hours must be annotated to ensure proper crediting of specialized experience. To qualify for this position at the GS-09 grade level, you must possess at least one of the following minimum qualifications by close of the announcement: EXPERIENCE: At least one full year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility to the GS-07 grade level in the Federal service (obtained in either the public or private sectors). Specialized experience is experience that equips the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to successfully perform duties of this position. Examples of specialized experience include but are not limited to: prepare and present speeches for special interests groups, schools, and the general public; Answer routine requests for information about the agency and its programs; Present programs to groups on agency programs and activities; Organize and coordinate print and broadcast news and information media interviews with key agency officials; Review print, broadcast, and internet media to analyze public awareness and attitudes regarding agency and activities; and/or advise management on the probable public reaction to specific proposals, policies and actions. You must include hours per week worked. -OR- EDUCATION: Successful completion of at least master's or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B or J.D, if related. You must include transcripts. -OR- Successful completion of a combination of education and experience as described above. For example, I have six months of the specialized experience (50% of the experience requirement), and 27 semester hours of related graduate level college study in an accredited institution (50% of the qualifying education). You must include transcripts. Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education To qualify based on education, you must submit a legible copy of transcripts from an accredited institution with your name, school name, credit hours, course level, major(s), and grade-point average or class ranking. Transcripts do not need to be official, but if you are selected for this position and you used your education to qualify, you must provide official transcripts before you begin work. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet qualification requirements, you must show that your education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. Additional information This announcement may be used to fill additional positions if identical vacancies occur within 90 days of the issue date of the referral certificate. Travel, transportation, and relocation expenses will not be paid. All travel, transportation, and relocation expenses associated with reporting for duty in this position will be the sole responsibility of the selected employee. Physical Demands: Much of this work is desk-oriented and will be primarily sedentary in nature. However, duties will also require walking on trails, bending, stretching, physical activity, lifting, pushing, kneeling and crouching, driving vehicles and standing for long periods of time. Working Conditions: Work will often be conducted in an office setting, but some exposure to hazardous terrain, inclement weather, and extremes in temperature or smoke for extended hours will occur. Long periods of standing and talking, and some night and weekend work will be required to carry out assigned duties. Position involves local, regional and national travel. The National Park Service has determined that the duties of this position are suitable for telework and the selectee may be allowed to telework with supervisor approval. If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document that you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application. Click the following link for more information, https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. A review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If your resume is incomplete or does not support the responses provided in the Assessment Questionnaire, or if you fail to submit all required documentation, you will be rated 'ineligible', 'not qualified', or your score will be adjusted accordingly. If a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications or experience, you can lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully; errors or omissions can affect your rating. Candidates who apply under Competitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are highly qualified based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Best qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided. Candidates who apply under Noncompetitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are minimally qualified based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided. You will be evaluated on the following competencies: Communications and Media Information Management Interpersonal Skills Strategic Thinking Writing Please submit 1) a copy of your most recent performance appraisal/evaluation and 2) a list of any awards (e.g. superior performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increase, etc.) you received in the last 5 years. Any performance appraisal/evaluation and award documentation you provide will be forwarded to the selecting official. The selecting official will review this documentation and give it due weight consideration during the overall selection process. If you do not have your most recent performance appraisal/evaluation, please submit a statement as to why it is not available. Please indicate if any prior performance appraisals/evaluations were at an acceptable level. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents The following documents are required and must be submitted by 11:59 PM (EST) on 07/21/2020. Resume which includes a list of all significant jobs held and duties performed, dates specified in month and year format, and the resume must reflect either full-time or 40 hours per week. If a part-time work schedule is reflected, the hours must be annotated to ensure proper crediting of specialized experience. If military or civilian, please include your rank and/or grade. A complete Occupational Questionnaire Merit Promotion Eligibility Documentation such as: Federal employees must submit a copy of their latest SF-50 \"Notification of Personnel Action\" that reflects career or career-conditional tenure, such as the initial hire, promotion, or reassignment, showing position title, series, grade and tenure (please do not submit an Award SF-50 unless it provides the necessary information) and, if different, an SF-50 showing highest permanent grade ever held. Veterans Preference Documentation (e.g. DD-214, SF-15, VA Letter as appropriate) Documentation for the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) eligibility, which includes ALL Appointment AND Termination SF-50s for EACH appointment as well as ALL performance evaluations, for each qualifying period of temporary employment claimed. Other Supporting Documents, if applicable, such as:Veterans Preference Documentation: If you are a Discharged, Non-Disabled Veteran, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 showing character of discharge (Member 4 copy), or other Documentation of Service and Separation under Honorable Conditions, as listed on the SF15. If you don't have your DD-214, you may request it after discharge from the National Archives. If you are a veteran within 120 days of discharge, you must submit signed documentation from the Armed Forces certifying: 1) your expected release/retirement from active duty, 2) under honorable conditions, 3) your pay grade/rank/rate at time of discharge, 4) dates of active duty service, 5) any campaign or expeditionary medals received, & 6) dated within 120 days of your separation. If you are a Disabled Veteran, Purple Heart Recipient, or Mother or Spouse of a Disabled or Deceased Veteran, you must submit all additional proof required by the SF15, and if applicable, a completed SF15. You may request a copy of your Department of Veterans Affairs letter from www.ebenefits.va.gov or call 1-800-827-1000 to establish proof of disability. Applicants who are eligible to be considered based on a Noncompetitive or Special Hiring Authority (i.e. Schedule A, VRA, Peace Corps, Americorp Vista, former PLC member, certain Military Spouses, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, etc.) must submit appropriate documentation to verify your eligibility. Performance Appraisals and Awards All applicants must submit their most recent performance appraisal showing the official rating of record and signed by a supervisor or, if one is unavailable, a statement as to why it is not available (including if any prior performance appraisals/evaluations were at an acceptable level). Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents will result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted. College transcripts, if qualifying based on education. Documentation for Interagency/Career Transition Assistance Plan consideration if you are a displaced Federal employee within the local commuting area. You must include: 1) Proof you are a displaced Federal employee, e.g., RIF Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, etc; 2) SF-50s (Notifications of Personnel Action) showing career/conditional tenure competitive status, promotion potential and duty location; and 3) your most recent performance appraisal. To exercise selection priority, displaced or surplus Federal employees must be rated well-qualified or above 85 on the rating criteria for this position. Do not submit photographs with your application package. Documents with photographs may not be seen by hiring officials - you must remove your image from any badges, licenses, etc. Do not upload Adobe portfolio documents. Adobe portfolio documents are not viewable by our agency's staffing offices. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a \"surplus\" or \"displaced\" employee. Family of overseas employees Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas. Federal employees - Competitive service Current or former competitive service federal employees. Individuals with disabilities Land & base management Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency. Military spouses Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista Veterans Clarification from the agency Open to Status candidates, Land Management and Career Transition eligibles, those eligible for special/noncompetitive hiring authorities (to include Public Land Corps) within the local commuting area; and VEOA eligibles ",
    "Location": "Federal, AR",
    "CompanyName": "US Department",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "5 days ago"
}
