{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=7usjFWQAhSNpfWZwmNUjsya6KzcKIiq3AJNcrW1yXhwTfb_A0IGkpWv8PWpnnWQbXoNnE6RO03b2vi3VNAYyL-Mnb9K73_p7LSyD5YToh1VzZqhnGVo_uV1qlG9YIgEqIgJL7YJgykHKp57nAn3WITlhMHl89L32lmlA7135fPjuEEr8DXzudAI20Q1w3rB4PM0",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgUjkA9YGtE4RbRsLU0h6JnPjYNND6q0qZeE0hOHZI8T9JsfOmncXEgzvqbig0p4YTEn2Ha2ZaJoeWj6MbzYWzw-hnsCAvCJbgD0ss91AuvoR9v1-JYK6Un8573vlaVfRu5Beof80TWfRgiYs6MmHyCrRrLG0",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs/Denver-CO",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Administrative Assistant (OA) - US Department of the Interior | Lakewood, CO",
    "Hash": "9F8C3B22696612A0E0B7211078B8FB31",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/wrT0UmhUZYru8-_qjnRhCgg-M3mpWYlMmuIQTVXXj8nAn72MSaR6NA",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Administrative Assistant (OA) US Department of the Interior - 4.2 Lakewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$47,000 - $62,000 a year11 hours ago Benefits Health Insurance Flexible Spending Account Vision Insurance Paid Time Off Qualifications Research Experience Typing Full Job Description Duties Summary What General Information Do I Need To Know About This Position? The Rocky Mountain Regional Office is seeking a highly motivated, self-starter to join the Denver Regional Office to assist with administrative duties and legal support. Salary: $47,421 (Step 01) to $61,643(Step 10); NOTE: First time hires to the Federal Government are typically hired at the Step 01. Responsibilities As an Administrative Assistant within the Denver Regional Office, located in Lakewood, CO some of your specific duties will include: Serves as a contact for administrative matters in the Office along with greets visitors/callers; distributes incoming mail. Assists in establishing internal procedures for administrative operations. Responds to information requests; compiles and summarizes data; and identifies inaccuracies or anomalies in the records. Tracks, verifies, and certifies time and attendance for staff, resolving discrepancies when necessary. Prepares correspondence, reports, briefings, legal documents, etc., for staff, ensuring compliance with applicable signatures, procedures and protocol. Advises staff on travel rules, regulations, and procedures; prepares travel authorizations; makes travel arrangements; prepares or reviews travel vouchers; Develops and maintains accountability and security procedures for property and equipment; and purchases supplies, equipment, and services using appropriate methods. Reviews, proofreads, and composes a variety of routine legal documents and office correspondence. · Establishes legal file, litigation files (evidence, documents, administrative proceedings material, civil cases, and criminal referrals), and other legal files for attorney staff. Prepares a variety of legal files for archiving according the Departmental standards and standards promulgated by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Assists with the preparation of Administrative Records for filing in administrative appeals and in cases being litigated in Federal Court. Assists attorneys in researching pleadings, briefs, and other legal documents. Screens legal publications, including advance reports, for items of special interest to either the staff attorneys, calling such items to their attention, especially current decisions, publications and press releases dealing with their area of responsibility. Utilizes the law library, electronic research tools, legal references, case files, and other types of resources for research and provides background material to staff attorneys. Assists attorneys with bankruptcy matters, such as assistance with filing proofs of claim and collection of information. Maintains electronic case filing system to store and retrieve legal records. Travel Required Not required Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 8 Job family (Series) 0303 Miscellaneous Clerk And Assistant Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Key Requirements: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens. Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by background investigation. Selectee may be subject to serving a one-year probationary period. More requirements are listed under Qualifications and Other Information. Requirements: A background investigation will be required for this position. Continued employment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication. Failure to successfully meet these requirement. Throughout the recruitment and hiring process we will be communicating with you via email; therefore, it is imperative that the email address you provide when applying for this vacancy remains active. Should your email address change, please notify the point of contact identified in the vacancy announcement as soon as possible so that we can update our system. Qualifications Applicants must meet the following to qualify for the GS-7 level: One year of specialized experience in or directly related to this position that equipped the applicant with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of this position. To be creditable, the required specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least the GS-06 level in the Federal service. Examples of GS-6 level work: 1) Processes a wide variety of transactions subject to different sets of rules and regulations. Regarded as an expert source of information on processing transactions; completed work is reviewed for conformance with policy and regulatory requirements; numerous and varied guidelines are adapted and applied; 2) Performs a segment of the evaluative work of an administrative function; identifies issues or problems and seeks alternative solutions consistent with applicable regulations. Works independently in completing assignments; completed work is reviewed for effectiveness in meeting goals; guidelines such as regulations, evaluation criteria, and precedents have gaps in specificity. Proficiency Requirement: In addition to meeting the experience requirements described above, in order to qualify, applicants must also be able to type at least 40 words per minute based on a 5 minute sample with three or fewer errors. You must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements for the position by the closing date of the announcement. Education Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education completed in colleges or universities outside the United States may be used to meet the above requirements. You must provide acceptable documentation that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. For more information on how foreign education is evaluated, visit: https://www.usgs.gov/about/organization/science-support/human-capital/how-foreign-education-evaluated-federal-jobs . Additional information Other Information: Identification of promotion potential in this announcement does not constitute a commitment or an obligation on the part of management to promote the employee selected at some future date. Promotion will depend upon administrative approval and the continuing need for and performance of higher-level duties. Under Executive Order 11935, only United States citizens and nationals (residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) may compete for civil service jobs. Agencies are permitted to hire non-citizens only in very limited circumstances where there are no qualified citizens available for the position. The application contains information subject to the Privacy Act (P.L. 93-579, 5 USC 552a). The information is used to determine qualifications for employment, and is authorized under Title 5, USC, Section 3302 and 3361. DOI uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Agency Benefits: Working for the DOI, Office of the Solicitor offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays; health, life, dental, vision, and long term care insurance, flexible spending accounts, and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. SOL has determined that the duties of this position are suitable for telework and the selectee may be allowed to telework in accordance with the DOI Telework policy and with supervisor approval. The official worksite for the selectee is the duty station identified in this vacancy announcement. The selectee will typically report to this duty location on a regular and recurring weekly basis. For additional information on telework you may access the Department of Interior's Telework Handbook at https://www.doi.gov/telework/policies. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Vacancy Related Questions: As part of the online application process, you will need to respond to a series of questions designed to assess your possession of the following knowledge skills, abilities and/or competencies: Administrative Support; Interpersonal Communication; Personnel; Procurement; Information Management; Compile/Analyze data; Goal Setting/Decisionmaking; Office Automation; Pressure/Deadlines; and General Abilities and Knowledge. Basis of rating: Category rating will be used in the ranking and selection process for this position. The quality categories are Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. You will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position. If you are eligible, your on-line responses to the application questions will determine your placement in the appropriate quality category described above. Your responses must be substantiated by your resume. If you do not respond to the application questions you may be rated ineligible. Veterans' preference rules for category rating will be applied. NOTE: If it is determined that you have rated yourself higher than is supported in your description of experience and/or education as described in your resume/application, or that your resume or application is incomplete, you may be rated ineligible, not qualified, or your score may be lowered. To preview the announcement questionnaire, click here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/10842598 Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Not Required Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents Required documents may be: (1) faxed to the Agency Contact listed in the vacancy announcement; or (2) uploaded directly from your desktop; or (3) uploaded directly from your USAJOBS stored attachments; or (4) hand delivered to the servicing Human Resources Office listed in the vacancy announcement. Transcripts If this position requires specific educational course work to qualify, or you are qualifying based in whole or part on education, you are required to provide all unofficial transcripts (undergraduate, graduate, etc.) or list of course work, which includes semester hours earned and grade received, by the closing date of this announcement or you will be disqualified from further consideration. Please ensure that all documentation is legible. Veterans' Preference Eligibles If you are claiming veterans' preference you must provide a legible copy of your DD-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, member 4 copy or any official documentation or statement from the Armed Forces that confirms your dates of service and that your separation, discharge, or release from active duty was under honorable conditions (i.e., Honorable or General Discharge). Note: If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty, submit a copy for each period of service. If you are currently on active military duty, you must provide documentation (e.g., campaign document, award citation, etc.), that verifies entitlement to veterans' preference and that your character of military service is honorable. If you are claiming 10-point veterans' preference, in addition to the documents specified above, you must also submit documentation that supports your claim, e.g., an official statement from the Department of Veterans Affairs (dated 1991 or later) or from a branch of the Armed Forces certifying the existence of a service-connected disability, or the award of the Purple Heart, etc. The overall rating must be identified on your certification letter or separation orders. Documentation must be received by the closing date shown in this vacancy announcement. If you fail to submit any of the required documentation, you will not be granted veterans' preference. Additional information on veterans' preference can be found in the VetGuide. CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, the Servicing Human Resources Office must receive proof by the closing date of this announcement that you meet the requirements of 5 CFR 330 Subpart F for CTAP and 5 CFR 330 Subpart G for ICTAP or you will not receive priority consideration. This includes: copy of the agency notice; your most recent Performance Rating; and your most recent SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location. If you are a CTAP or ICTAP eligible, you will be considered well qualified if you earn a minimum score of 85 (prior to the assignment of veteran's preference points). For more information on CTAP/ICTAP please click here. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a \"surplus\" or \"displaced\" employee. The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency Open to all U.S. Citizens "
}