{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=2IgYL-VnXD65wVLqlGjMsMnLf_PQu4rPLmjpWNHPWjxL2PGXjOZZH3lYnA-Y04z7uD0zltzVNtNCzb4tQAELe6-70N_nzQdBv55hBNcNkte1Vo3y7ZAvytIRQp4mSvCGQnuXZLvj50gDC1wXoLSR9FCUX6cwBZPTIYWG3EMd59I1QbYnP000Dku5YjWqoaxjlfk",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgFXjFV8Hiquhz7yTiLRK49_OFmhwxd7DTpw1eQCeR9CdkIML2xDZoeU6zFyZfB6cvUZ8v2YpjxRNz-db_jb4gOrojNrxF1qRXyYCHcTA2deKu-uxy1BfnkgYf9NaVsx1JsvwpLU4HuTcvX1YAqadOvn0xY78",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879?mip=%2495%2C000&from=serptopfilter&pp",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Project Manager - US Department of Homeland Security | Glynco, GA",
    "Hash": "B3EF11D852CB6E27DFF08F014836299F",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/KU--owPB7atr6LJ7X6F7lyNkallA471IcP2_JREzdac7i1TA9im6cA?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Project Manager US Department of Homeland Security - 3.8 Glynco, GA Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$91,000 - $140,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account Flexible Schedule Vision Insurance Qualifications FISMA Project / Program Management Driver's License Web Accessibility Full Job Description Duties Summary \u201cThe Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers (FLETC), through strategic partnerships, prepares the federal law enforcement community to safeguard the American people, our homeland, and our values.\u201d We are a unique inter-agency organization preparing the next generation of law enforcement officers to meet our Nation's most pressing security challenges. Click here to learn more. Responsibilities Serving as a Project Manager makes you a valuable member of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center's (FLETC) team. This position is located in the Business Analysis Office within the Director's Office. In this position you will be responsible for performing enterprise project management for FLETC\u2019s geographically dispersed enterprise. Manages relationships with the senior executives, line-of business owners, contractors and customers from various federal agencies. Typical assignments include: Utilizing the Systems Engineering Life Cycle (SELC) methodology to plan and document activities related to Enterprise Projects. Providing leadership for and use in-house and off-the-shelf project management tools, formal stage/gate reviews, integrated project teams, and similar activities integral to the component's standardized project management principles and structure project development methodology. Developing and maintaining project-tailoring plans to determine appropriate SELC functions and artifacts for each project. Developing and updating comprehensive project management plans as blueprints for project management activities. Working with various organizational stakeholders, line-of-business owners, and customers to determine detailed requirements for each project. Developing and maintaining work breakdown structures and project milestones to manage project cost, schedule, performance, and risk. Establishing change management processes for projects. Interfacing with the FLETC Change Advisory Board when integration with operational systems is required. Conducting formal critical design reviews to obtain system development, integration, and implementation approvals from the agency\u2019s senior leadership. Working with customers and systems analysts to develop concept papers for both major and non-major investments. Forming, managing, and leading integrated project teams consisting of subject-matter experts from various FLETC directorates and organizations. Defining and negotiating scope, cost, schedule, performance, and risks associated with enterprise projects. Ensuring project linkage to FLETC\u2019s strategic goals and objectives. Developing a concept of operations for each project to ensure communications of a common vision to various organizational stakeholders. Analyzing and selecting a comprehensive solution from various alternatives and market research to solve organizational deficiencies. Ensuring solution are compliant with various federal laws to include Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act, the Privacy Act, and Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA). Interpreting stakeholder requirements and translating them into fully developed solutions to FLETC\u2019s senior leadership and various review boards to achieve buy-in of enterprise requirements and proposed solutions. Managing various cradle-to-grave federal acquisition activities supporting the development, testing and implementation of enterprise projects. Serving as the Contracting Officer\u2019s Representative (COR). This includes the development, review, and approval of Performance-Based Statements of Work (PBSOWs), Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans (QASPs), and assessment of contractor performance. Providing guidance with the prioritization of conflicting demands for limited resources based on mission requirements. Developing the Budgetary Estimate and Life Cycle Cost Estimates for projects. Analyzing/evaluating emerging business processes and applying advanced solutions to enhance the efficiency of business innovations following standards and procedures. Coordinating the requirements for contract modifications and corrective action and determining the acceptability of contract deliverables to ensure that the government receives the maximum value on it's investments. Providing weekly project updates to the project-reporting dashboard. Escalating communications to the project sponsor or senior leadership when significant project issues develop. Communicating organizational change to the agency\u2019s and federal partner organization\u2019s user communities affected by the project. Coordinating administrative and end user training for new business capabilities and major enhancements to existing capabilities. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 14 - If position is filled at the GS-13 level, you may be non-competitively promoted without further competition when the supervisor determines that the duties of the higher grade level are being performed and all regulatory requirements have been met. Job family (Series) 0340 Program Management Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment You must successfully pass a background investigation. You will need to set up direct deposit so we can pay you. Must possess and maintain a valid state issued driver's license to conduct official government business. This position requires you to have access, safeguard, and store classified national security information on a regular basis. You must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance. You will be required to complete an OGE 450, Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, within 30 days of starting your federal employment and annually thereafter as long as you occupy a position that requires financial disclosure reporting. This position is eligible for situational-only telework based on agency policy. Current and former federal employees within the General Schedule (GS) must meet the time-in-grade requirements outlined in the \"Qualifications\" section of this announcement. You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position. This position is funded solely by Congress; therefore, you will neither report to work nor will you be paid during a government shutdown. Overtime work may be required. Must possess and maintain Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officer&#8217;s Representative (FAC-COR) Level III certification. Must possess or obtain and maintain Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC-P/PM) Level II. Must be able to obtain and maintain FAC-C Level III certification. Qualifications The qualification requirements listed below must be met by the closing date of this announcement. For GS-13 grade level: Applicants must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the federal service planning, developing, and implementing a broad range of project management activities, including in-depth analysis of technical and non-technical factors required to deliver complex solutions. Time-in-Grade: Current and former GS federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the GS-12 grade level in the federal service. The time-in-grade requirement must be met by the closing date of this announcement. For GS-14 grade level: Applicants must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service planning, developing, and implementing a broad range of project management activities, including in-depth analysis of technical and non-technical factors required to deliver complex solutions. Time-in-Grade: Current and former GS federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the GS-13 grade level in the federal service. The time-in-grade requirement must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps and AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. The Office of Personnel Management must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office. Re-employed annuitants\u2019 annual salaries will be reduced by the amount of their retirement annuity and by further cost of living increases. FERS retirees receiving a FERS annuity supplement must also be aware that, like social security benefits, their FERS annuity supplement is subject to an earnings test and may be reduced if the salary earned is more than the social security exempt amount of earnings. Additional information is available on OPM\u2019s website or by contacting OPM. Additional selections may be made from this announcement within the same geographical area. Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions. Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) guidance, and Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change. Education Additional information DHS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities. If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment. Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation for a Secret clearance as a condition of placement into this position. This will include a credit check after a tentative job offer is given, a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. Continued employment is contingent upon favorable adjudication of periodic reinvestigations. The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement. Physical Demands: The work is primarily sedentary. Some work may require walking and standing in conjunction with travel and to attend meetings and conferences away from the work site. May frequently be involved in the design and installation, and integration of enterprise IT projects. May be exposed to high levels of noise and cold temperatures in the telecommunications and data communication facilities. May need to occasionally lift and carry electronic and information technology weighing up to 50 pounds. Work Environment: The majority of the work is performed in an office setting. Must be able to make site visits to on-site and off-site locations. The position does spend time in private or on public transportation in conjunction with travel to meetings and visits to other government offices or contractor facilities. Working hours are within the typical workday, however major and non-major projects may require overtime. Temperatures in computer and network communications facilities are controlled to accommodate the hardware and may necessitate exposure to uncomfortable conditions. The work area involves everyday risks or discomforts that require normal safety precautions. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, we will use a job questionnaire to determine the degree to which your experience, education, and training demonstrate the following competencies needed to perform this job: Planning and Evaluating - organizes work, sets priorities, and determines resource requirements; determines short or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; coordinates with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes. Program/Project Management - principles, methods, or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance. Quality Assurance - principles, methods, and tools of quality assurance and quality control used to ensure a product fulfills functional requirements and standards. Requirements Analysis - principles and methods to identify, analyze, specify, design, and manage functional and derived requirements for logical and physical design and presenting alternative solutions and approaches. Risk Management - methods and tools used for risk assessment and mitigation of risk. Systems Engineering Lifecycle - systems engineering lifecycle management concepts used to plan, develop, implement, operate, and maintain information systems. Technology Awareness - developments and new applications of information technology (hardware, software, telecommunications), emerging technologies and their applications to business processes and organizational requirements. Consideration will be given to performance appraisals and incentive awards as an indicator of the quality of prior experience. If you are determined to be best-qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement. (Note: Veteran\u2019s preference does not apply under Merit Promotion procedures. View information on VEOA information on Feds Hire Vets.) Career Transition Assistance Program or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP/ICTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the federal government as a civilian, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility may be found on OPM\u2019s Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well-qualified under CTAP/ICTAP, you must be rated at a minimum score of 85 for this position. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the \"Required Documents\" section of this announcement. To preview questions please click here. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Secret Drug test required No Position sensitivity and risk Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents 1. Your resume 2. Are you a veteran? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference may fill out the SF-15 and provide the documents that demonstrate your preference eligibility e.g., the AB4, Civil Service Preference Letter. If you are applying based on your eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit a certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date you apply. Your certification must include your dates of service, your rank, and your character of service. Click here to view more veterans\u2019 information. 3. Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP/ICTAP)? You must submit copies of your: agency notice; most recent performance rating; and your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action noting your current position, grade level, and duty location. 4. Are you a current or former federal employee? You must submit a copy of your most recent SF-50 that indicates your tenure group, grade, and salary (including basic). 5. Have you occupied a GS position in the federal civilian service within the last 52 weeks? You must submit a copy of the SF-50 that proves you meet the time-in-grade requirements listed in the \"Qualifications\" section of this announcement. 6. Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment: position title, type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee), agency, and beginning and ending dates of your appointment. 7. You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and/or incentive awards. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select Benefits. Disabled veteran leave will be available to any federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Individuals with disabilities Federal employees - Competitive service Current or former competitive service federal employees. Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL) Federal employees who meet the definition of a \"surplus\" or \"displaced\" employee. Military spouses Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista Special authorities Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations. Veterans Clarification from the agency Status Candidates: \u2022 Federal employees serving on career or career-conditional appointments \u2022 Former federal employees with reinstatement eligibility \u2022 Individuals with disabilities, peace corps, former overseas employees, military spouses, 30% disabled veterans, and those eligible under other special hiring authorities \u2022 Persons eligible under Interchange Agreements \u2022 Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA) "
}