{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=rWXdfChYiTvJnpRiu83awOiIX4CEU6PUtZwuEFLIGEc6Rl5rZfhMveYiHlk6LLyCDkongWPl_tqy2mpyBfrmT-EjSrMEVBztJKdELE2masm8bi2Zh12FxkkqxMfi_QSc9nVv9_Owdumt_NqpkHh6uncdcdhBqdXSw4kevierCpea6MJtKmmED_6_0gdtUJdm11Q",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "New Job Openings (DOL) - eKuber | Tysons Corner, VA",
    "Hash": "BB3506FA6D09E60839686E032F7DB76B",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/u6U5B-VuIPzUzIK-x4S_E0v3IvKs6N3fnXlbw5R3Mx4DAnk6bcLy5g?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-22",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " New Job Openings (DOL) eKuber - Tysons Corner, VA Apply Now Job Details Full-timeEstimated: $100,000 - $140,000 a year Qualifications Web Services Adobe Acrobat Solution Architecture Database Design LMS Master's Degree Full Job Description Job Code PM1. Program Manager (PM) The Program Manager has overall responsibility for coordinating all contractor activities performed and the contractor personnel assigned under this requirement while maintaining project budgets, schedules, quality standards and ensuring risk mitigation. The PM will also coordinate the activities of other contract development teams throughout DFEC, DEEOIC, and DLHWC into the master project schedule/work breakdown structure. Qualifications: Must have managed a contract of similar size (IT service contract with over $5,000,000 value) and scope (case management and compensation system) at a CMMI level 2 or higher. Must also have working experience with Six Sigma or similar management discipline. The Program Manager will report to each of the Program IT Branch Chief for technical direction. Requires competence in field of expertise such as Information Technology (IT), Enterprise Architecture (strategic, performance, business, data and technology domains as well as transition planning), Systems Development Life Cycle Management (SDLCM), and business process reengineering with adequate knowledge of Capital planning, IT portfolio management, and Earned Value Management (EVM). At least 15 years\u2019 experience managing very complex and/or high risk programs or series of programs and providing internal/external IT support services to management and technical staff. At least 10 years\u2019 experience working with IT tools and developing web applications and user interfaces with Java technologies, especially, Servlets, JSP, JavaScript, or other development tools such as Business Intelligence Reporting Tools, etc. At least ten years\u2019 development experience with databases and related technologies, - especially EA frameworks SQL, JDBC \u2013 DB2 and experience developing with web presentation technologies, including Flash/FLEX, HTML, JavaScript and multi-browser compatibility. Leader in the field of enterprise architecture and has the ability to relate the IT development lifecycle, business process engineering, business architectures and related concepts to solutions for a client with a broad range of strategic needs. Thorough knowledge of the IT investment management process including SDLCM, cost benefit analysis, risk analysis, alternative analysis and portfolio management. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code DFEC 1. Solution Architect The Solution Architect is responsible for transforming the requirements created by the Business Analysts into a documented architecture and design that can be used by the rest of the team to create the solution. Key responsibilities are evaluating business needs and developing appropriate technology solutions to include refining business requirements, architecting new applications, and evaluating and enhancing existing applications. Qualifications: The Solution Architect must have more than 10 years of IT Development Experience. Must have 5 years\u2019 experience with Java/J2EE/EJB (Server Side/Middle tier) development; 3 years\u2019 experience as a solution Architect for a large, complex software development project; 7 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OODesign/Development, n-tier architecture and Web Architecture; 4 years\u2019 experience with UNIX, database design and development. Fully experienced in SDLC concepts, systems and procedures. Claims processing system experience desired. Incumbent reports to the Program Manager. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code DFEC 2. Technical Project Manager The Technical Project Manager is responsible for coordinating all IT project activities performed and contractor personnel assigned under this order to ensure smooth daily operations of the system, maintaining schedules, quality of standards, and ensuring risk mitigation. The Technical Project Manager will lead the development team for Tier II/III technical support, requirements management, system architecture and design, development, seamless integration with iFECS, testing, and quality assurance. The Technical Project Manager is also responsible for coordinating efforts with other stakeholders, including various OCIO teams and security team, to properly address external dependencies and ensure maximum system uptime and security compliance. Qualifications: The Technical PM should have seven to ten years of applicable application development and maintenance experience, including five years of specialized experience in supervising projects of similar size and complexity. The Technical PM should have thorough knowledge of Agile development and user experience, programming and integration concepts, design, procedures and practices; ability to handle sensitive information, work with minimum management oversight, and the ability to work with all levels of internal and external contacts. Experience with tier architecture, data center hosting, relational database such as SQL Server, J2EE, CITRIX, Java, MS Project and Visio are required. Experience with Agile Scrum Software development methodology is a plus. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code DEEOIC 1. Project Manager (PM) The PM has overall responsibility of coordinating all DEEOIC IT project activities performed and contractor personnel assigned to DEEOIC under this order while maintaining schedules, quality of standards and ensuring risk mitigation. The PM will support senior technical management with regards to DEEOIC initiatives through strategic planning, and the development of an integrated project plan that communicates task, milestone dates, status, and resource allocation. PM will lead a team of technical people who have responsibility for requirements management, system architecture and design, application development, testing, and quality assurance. The PM will coordinate schedules, and assign duties to subordinates and Subcontractors, and ensure that assignments are completed as directed. The PM will collaborate, as necessary, with the contracting government PM, government senior leadership, and contracting PM to ensure that all activities conform to the terms and conditions of the order. The PM will work with the contracting program manager to reduce costs and maximize efficiency in achieving state requirements. Qualifications: PMs should have seven to fifteen years of applicable experience, including five years of specialized experience in supervising projects of similar size and complexity. A master\u2019s degree with 5 years of applicable experience may be substituted. PMs should have thorough knowledge of programming concepts, design, procedures and practices; ability to handle sensitive information, work with minimum management oversight, and the ability to work with all levels of internal and external contacts. Experience with relational database, SQL, MS Access, Excel, CITRIX, Java, MS Project and Visio are required. Experience with Agile Scrum Software development methodology is a plus. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job code DEEOIC 2. Development Lead The Development Leads are responsible for providing details to the overall architecture created by the solutions architect (SA), choosing methodologies and techniques that will be used by the developers to solve specific problems, and providing the first line of support for the developers who need to understanding a concept. The incumbent coordinates with the release manager and reports to the contracting project manager. Qualifications: Must have more than 10 years of IT Development experience. Must have high level JavaScript, HTML and CSS knowledge. Must have knowledge of JavaScript frameworks, design patterns (MVC), interfacing with front end JavaScript with web services. Must have 3 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OO Design/Development, C/S Architecture and Web Architecture, Must have 1 years\u2019 experience with DB2 database design and development. Claims processing system experience desired. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code DEEOIC 3. Middle Tier (MT) Development Lead The MT Development Lead participates in all phases of the software development lifecycle for new development and upgrades. Leads and mentors other middle tier team members and perform code reviews. Works with the government/contracting project manager, other DOL staff and contractor support to troubleshoot and resolve application server/database server configuration and other issues. Must have more than 10 years of IT development experience. Must have experience with Java/J2EE/EJB (ServerSide/Middle tier) development; 3 years\u2019 experience as a lead developer for a large, complex software development project; 7 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OO Design/Development, N-tier architecture and web architecture; 2 years\u2019 experience with UNIX, database design and development. Claims processing system experience desired. Agile Scrum development methodology, a plus. The incumbent reports to the government/contracting project manager. Qualifications: Must have more than 7 years of IT Development experience. Must have 5 years\u2019 experience with Java/J2EE/EJB (Server Side/Middle tier) Development; 3 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OO Design/Development, C/S Architecture and Web Architecture; 1 years\u2019 experience with DB2 database design and development. Claims processing system experience desired. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code DLHWC 1. Development Lead The Development Lead participates in all phases of DLHWC\u2019s software development life cycle for new development and system upgrades. The Lead is responsible for maintaining and enhancing the code in the DLHWC applications. The Lead also troubleshoots and provides technical solutions to application issues encountered by DLHWC applications. Qualifications: The DLHWC Development Lead should be a highly skilled and experienced developer who is either familiar with the existing code or will be able to master the code quickly. Strong knowledge/experience with Object oriented concepts and Delphi 7, significant Knowledge/experience with DB2 back end tools. Claims processing system experiences a plus. Position reports to the DLHWC IT coordinator. Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code 1 Project Management Office (PMO) Coordinator The PMO Coordinator will assist in the preparation of project management reports related to the various Task Orders. Key responsibilities will include preparation of software documentation formats/templates, analytical reports, as well as technical training materials. Manages and coordinates documentation of all aspects of the system development life cycle for projects. Establishes documentation guidelines and practices. Writes and edits technical material as needed. Prepares manuals, user guides, and other technical documentation for presentation. Possesses excellent writing skills and uses a variety of tools and techniques to organize and present information. Understands Automatic Data Processing (ADP) operations and Communicates effectively orally and in writing. Applies the principals and techniques to develop and deliver training materials and programs. Training materials include user guides, reference guides, and system documentation for system applications. The PMO coordinator should also be fluent with WEBEX and Project coordination. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code 2 Web Content Specialist (WCS) The Web Content Specialist is responsible for the development and implementation of content on OWCP websites as well as creating and/or acquiring content for SharePoint and other online communications. The WCS may also be involved with integrating the work of writers and designers to produce a final ECM layout compatible with DOL and OWCP standards. Responsible for designing, configuring and maintaining Folio Views system. Must be able to design, configure and maintain existing and yet to be developed websites for DOL OWCP programs both internally and externally. Ensures that all OWCP websites are available to the desired audience with appropriate links, security, and updates. Must be able to create web page layouts, graphics, color schemes and infrastructure to maintain a cohesive website base. This may include changing existing websites or creating from scratch new ones. Must apply the principals and techniques of the instructional Computer Based Training (CBT) to develop and deliver training materials and programs. Training materials include user guides, CBT training modules, reference guides, and system documentation for OWCP applications. The WCS must have knowledge of HTML, HTML5, XHTML, JavaScript, and LiveCycle Programming language. This is an important requirement where at the least WCS has great knowledge of Java, HTML/HTML5. WCS must be proficient using Dreamweaver, Acrobat and LiveCycle Designer with at least 2 year of experience within each. Must demonstrate experience with Trivantis Lectora software in a production LMS. At least 5 years of overall IT experience is necessary. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 1 Configuration Manager The Configuration Manager is responsible for creating complex Windows MSI packages using Install Shield Developer 8.0 for both Windows Desktop and Citrix Desktop as well as write DOS batch files, SQL scripts, Excel macros, and Delphi Executables to automate day-to-day duties. Configuration Manager will Interface with DITMS on deployment releases, Change Controls, VPN setup, CITRIX issues, and external agency communications. The Configuration Manager will have expert knowledge of Use Rational tools to include: ClearQuest. Familiarity with ReqPro, Test Manager, and Atlassian suite of tools, (such as JIRA and Confluence). Working knowledge of Configuration Management (CM) tools: StarTeam, CVS. Familiarity with processes to convert CM repository to new vendor tools (IE Rational ClearCase/Team Concert).Develop custom built software and scripts to perform client-side Delphi-builds. Work closely with various teams and Federal CORs to schedule and implement frequent releases. Adhoc iFECS-related PC support for external/internal users and developers with client-side tools JIntegra for COM, Print-2-Image, WebSphere 8.X, detailed knowledge with the following developers\u2019 tools: Delphi, IBM DB2 Client, WebSphere RAD, Business Objects, Interactive Intelligence IVR Client, Connect Direct, EDI. Experience setting up PCs for various test beds. Assist Production staff in monitoring daily batch processes. Assist Government/contract staff in troubleshooting back-end processes. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 2 Delphi Developer The Delphi Developer is responsible for maintaining and enhancing the Delphi code in the DFEC iFECS application and the Web applications, troubleshooting and providing technical solutions to Delphi application issues encountered by new and existing DFEC applications. The Delphi Developers must have at least 8 years of Delphi experience, strong knowledge/experience with Object oriented concepts and Delphi 6/7. Significant knowledge/experience with DB2 back end tools. (.5 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 3 Software Developer The Software Developer participates in all phases of software development life cycle for new development and upgrades. Works with the various OCIO teams and DOL staff to troubleshoot and resolve application server and database configuration and other issues. The software developers are responsible for maintaining and enhancing the Middle Tier code in the DFEC\u2019 iFECS application and the Web applications, troubleshooting and providing technical solutions to Middle Tier application issues encountered by new and existing DFEC applications. Must have more than 7 years of IT Development experience. Must have 5 years\u2019 experience with Java/J2EE/EJB (Server Side/Middle tier) Development; 3 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OO design/Development, C/S Architecture and Web Architecture; 1 years\u2019 experience with DB2 database design and development. Claims processing system experience desired. (2 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 4 Production Management Specialist The Production Management Specialist is responsible for maintaining production system, troubleshooting issues, monitor system performance, liaison between OCIO and DFEC for production operations, application quality control and testing. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 5 Business Analyst The Business Analyst is responsible for capturing, consolidating, and documenting requirements information from the Subject Matter Experts (SMEs). The analysts are responsible for capturing requirements and completing formal business analysis and design, managing analysis and design artifacts throughout the project life cycle and ensuring the quality assurance of the delivered product to requirement specifications. Responsibilities include: Investigates and analyzes problems and business requirements, including impact analysis of change on all systems and business areas in order to recommend appropriate solutions; Determines scope and prepares detailed requirements documents for tasks and projects to ensure scope and business Requirements are understood and acceptable to all impacted areas; Works with various teams to design solutions to meet business requirements. Conduct system testing, and quality control of the system to ensure the system is designed according to the requirements. Tests delivered systems solutions. Provides assistance to internal and external customers in the effective and efficient resolution of issues. (2 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 6 QA/Tester The Tester shall design, build and test critical and complex custom designed, multi-tier business applications that use a wide range of technologies. Ensure satisfactory problem resolution and user satisfaction. Responsible for creating automated testing scripts, test plans, and testing procedures to conduct testing throughout the entire software development lifecycle. Responsible for testing and quality control in the DFEC\u2019 iFECS application. Troubleshoot and provide technical solutions to a variety of application issues encountered by new and existing DFEC applications. Must have at least 3 years of testing experience, strong knowledge/experience with Object oriented concepts. Knowledge/experience with DB2 back end tools. (2 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 7 Data/Database Administrator (DBA) The Application DBA is responsible for supporting a large complex data model and application team. The main responsibilities include Database design, data modeling, and data architect in OLTP and possible data warehousing environment. Work on and participate in project development throughout the entire SDLC lifecycle, participate in the development of database standards and best practices, perform database design using data modeling tools (Erwin). Participate in database design review sessions. Troubleshoot and provide technical solutions to database issues encountered by new and existing applications in the environment. Actively monitor the database environment to increase efficiency, improve reliability, and minimize operating expenses. Must have at least 5 years of experience in logical/physical modeling and 3 years of technical experience in the DB2 8.2 in IBM/AIX environment. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 8 Reports Developer The Reports Developer: Responsible for Reports Universe design, development, deployment, and maintenance. Maintaining, developing, and testing canned or Ad-hoc reports. Understanding of relational database environments. Experience with the full-client tools. Proven technical and analytical skills. Utilize report tools to maintain, design, develop, test, implement and document delivery solutions. Interface with business customers, business analysts, data analysts, and various teams to complete requirement gather, design, testing, and deployment of reports. Must have at least 5 years of experience. (3 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 9 Senior Database Analyst The Senior Database Analyst shall coordinate the implementation of all IT system operations and maintenance and enhancements in support of the DOL, OWCP, and DFEC mission of administering the Federal Employees\u2019 Compensation Act (FECA). Using current experience and understanding of the system, particularly with respect to the database schema and data processing produce ad hoc statistical reports and data extracts for DFEC management and outside agencies. The Senior Database Analyst shall have 10 plus years database analysis experience in claim processing system and 10 plus years of overall technical expertise supporting government programs (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 10 Middle Tier Developer The Middle Tier (MT) Developers participate in all phases of software development life cycle for new development and upgrades. Works with the OCIO operation team and DOL staff to troubleshoot and resolve application server and database configuration and other issues. The MT developers are responsible for maintaining and enhancing the Middle Tier code in the DFEC\u2019 iFECS application and the Web applications, troubleshooting and providing technical solutions to Middle Tier application issues encountered by new and existing DFEC applications. Must have more than 7 years of IT Development experience. Must have 5 years\u2019 experience with Java/J2EE/EJB (Server Side/Middle tier) Development; 3 years\u2019 experience with SDLC, OO Design/Development, C/S Architecture and Web Architecture; 1 years\u2019 experience with DB2 database design and development. Claims processing system experience desired. (.5 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DFEC 11 Information Systems Technician (IST) The Information Systems Technician (IST) is responsible for operating/maintaining DFEC information systems. The IST duties will include adding/modifying user accounts within the AQS/CQS system. The IST will also be responsible for creating Computer Based Training (CBT) as necessary. The IST will also conduct Asset Management which includes the systematic process of operating, maintaining, and upgrading assets cost-effectively while conducting ongoing assessments of short and long-term hardware and software program needs as necessary. The IST will also aid in the procurement of electronics, hardware and software and will investigate, troubleshoot, and resolve DFEC end-user problems. Must have experience with web design. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 1 Database Administrator (DBA) The DBA has overall responsibility of the design and implementation of the back end server solution for DEEOIC. The DBA will provide database support during development and maintenance in all of the DEEOIC different environments (development, integration, testing, and production). The DBA will proactively generate relevant ideas for new and improved use of technology, and must understand the impacts of new projects and technical impacts to the supported system. The DBA should be able to assist in the development of a project plan to migrate the database to another platform, if necessary. The DBA will be proficient at database design and modeling, and work with the government IT data lead and support contractors to create a comprehensive database design documentation and schemes. The DBA must be able to work with other development teams to help design, implement new database changes or designs. The DBA will contribute, write, and maintain DB scripts for system DB maintenance. The DBA should have a minimum of seven years of experience in database design and administration with proficient knowledge in DB2, and other relational databases. The DBA must have the ability to work as part of a team as well as independently towards assigned goals. The DBA should demonstrate the ability to translate customer requirements into solutions. The DBA should have strong knowledge of SQL, ERWin Diagrams, MS Access, and MS Visio. Experience with an Agile Scrum development methodology is a plus. (2 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 2 Release Manager (RM) The Release Manager\u2019s responsibilities include working closely with the government/contracting PMs to ensure that the projects are completed on-time. The RM works with the business owners on planning and preparing for the new projects, examining, evaluating, and assessing the impact of potential changes in the technology, evaluating ways to improve the skill set of the development teams. The RM is responsible for the oversight of all release activities to include recommending and negotiating content, planning, schedule, and life cycle phases. The RM tracks and maintains status of the release progress through the life cycle, manages data to day issues with releases as they elevate from the various stakeholders, works with the stakeholders to get estimates for planning, forecasting resource requirements, and works with the government PM to develop a release plan. The release manager provides plan and status to customer, describing approaches to complete the release, publish the release schedule, and any updates to the schedule to the team, elevates issues as necessary for the customer to address, and report/risk mitigation to the government/contracting PM. Release Manager should have a minimum of seven years of experience in release planning involving complete SDLC. The incumbent must have experience in implementing SDLC, and other related procedures, and policies (version control, bug tracking, product support, and project management). The incumbent must have release management experience within a structured software development environment with knowledge of software builds tools, test methodologies, techniques and processes. Experience in Agile Scrum is a plus. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 3 Configuration Manager (CM) The Configuration Manager is responsible for the development and execution of the configuration management plan for both the ECS Application and reporting. The configuration management will include all software code deliveries and project management documentation. The Configuration Manager will have expert knowledge of Use Rational tools to include: ClearQuest. Familiarity with ReqPro, Test Manager, and Atlassian suite of tools, (such as JIRA and Confluence). Working knowledge of Configuration Management (CM) tools: StarTeam, CVS. Familiarity with processes to convert CM repository to new vendor tools (IE Rational ClearCase/Team Concert).Develop custom built software and scripts to perform client-side Delphi-builds. Work closely with Program Manager, Project Coordinator, Software Development Manager, Test Manager and Federal CORs to schedule and implement frequent releases. Ad-hoc iFECS-related PC support for external/internal users and developers with client side tools J-Integra for COM, Print-2-Image, and WebSphere 8.X, detailed knowledge with the following developers\u2019 tools: Delphi 6, IBM DB2 Client, WebSphere RAD, Business Objects, Interactive Intelligence IVR Client, Connect Direct, and EDI. Experience setting up PCs for various test beds. Assist Production staff in monitoring daily batch processes. Assist Government/contract staff in troubleshooting back-end processes. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 4 Senior Developer The Application Senior Developers designs, develops, and implements web-based Java applications to support business requirements. Follows approved life cycle methodologies, creates design documents, and performs program coding and testing. Resolves technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation. The Reporting Senior Developers must have high level knowledge of updating, repairing, modifying and expanding on existing SQL server/DB2 scripts. Knowledge of database architecture and design and work experience with SQL programming with at least one of DB2, Oracle, or SQL Server. Must possess a solid foundation in PL/SQL Programming Language and experience. Ability to code SQL/DB2 scripts according to published standards and design guidelines. The Web senior developer must have knowledge of HTML, HTML5, XHTML, JavaScript, and LiveCycle programming language. Sr. Developers require at least 5 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Has knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude required (15 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 5 Document Specialist/Technical Writer The Document Specialist/Technical Writer will provide support and assistance to the government PM, and contracting project managers to help ensure that project documentation is completed on time and that the appropriate project approvals are obtained on schedule. Key responsibilities will include preparation of software documentation formats/templates, analytical reports, as well as technical training material. As directed by the government and contracting project managers. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 6 Developer The Developers are responsible for developing and enhancing code in DEEOIC applications. Developers will be responsible for maintaining the middle Tier code and/or enhancing the code supporting the user interface. They will troubleshoot and providing technical solutions to application issues encountered by new and existing DEEOIC applications. They will design web pages layout, graphics, color schemes and infrastructure to maintain a cohesive look to the ECS applications and reports. Must have at least 5 years of Java experience, strong knowledge/experience with Object oriented concepts. Significant knowledge/experience with industry standard DB backend tools. The incumbent reports to the government/contracting project manager. (3 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code \u2013 DEEOIC 7 Tester The Testers are responsible for functional and unit level testing of the software code in the ECS application and reports. They shall also troubleshoot and provide technical solutions to application issues encountered by new and existing ECS codes, reports, and/or DEEOIC applications. They must have at least 3 years testing experience, strong knowledge/experience with object oriented concepts. Knowledge/experience with industry standard DB backend, java/J2EEE/EJB. Knowledge and experience in automated testing tools is a plus. Testers will report to the Release Manager. (3 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 8 Business Analyst The Business Analysts are responsible for capturing, consolidating, and documenting requirements information from the SMEs. The incumbent is responsible for capturing requirements (user stories) and completing formal business analysis and design, managing analysis and design artifacts throughout the project life cycle and ensuring the quality assurance of the delivered product to requirement specifications. Responsibilities include: Investigates and analyzes problems and business requirements, including impact analysis of change on all systems and business areas in order to recommend appropriate solutions; Determines scope and prepares detailed requirements documents for tasks and projects to ensure scope and business requirements are understood and acceptable to all impacted areas; Works with development teams to design solutions to meet business requirements. Tests delivered systems solutions. Provides assistance to internal and external customers in the effective and efficient resolution of issues. The incumbents also perform integration testing, and assist with user assessment testing. (4 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code - DEEOIC 9 Information Systems Technician (IST) The (IST) is responsible for operating/maintaining DEEOIC information systems. The IST duties will include adding/modifying user accounts within the AQS/CQS system. IST will also be responsible for creating Computer Based Training (CBT) as necessary. IST will also conduct Asset Management which includes the systematic process of operating, maintaining, and upgrading assets cost-effectively while conducting ongoing assessments of short and long-term hardware and software program needs as necessary. IST will also operate, configure, and initiate procurement of electronics, hardware and software. IST shall also investigate, troubleshoot, and resolve end-user problems. The IST should have at least 5 years of experience within the IT sector and at least 2 Microsoft Certifications (MCP, MCDST, and MCITP) preferred. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Unit) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code -BTS 1 Senior Developer The Senior Developer designs, develops, and implements web-based Java applications to support business requirements. Follows approved life cycle methodologies, creates design documents, and performs program coding and testing. Resolves technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation. Requires at least 5 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Has knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude required (6 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code -BTS 2 System Administrator The System Administrator is responsible for the installation, configuration and maintenance of the organization's server\u2019s operating systems and all related systems or software. Analyzes and resolves problems associated with server hardware/software and applications software and ensures scalability and appropriate integration with other systems. Detects, diagnoses, and reports problems on the servers. Responsible for backup or recovery procedures. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks (2 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code \u2013BTS 3 Database Administrator Develops, implements, administers, and maintains policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the company database. Implements data models, database designs, data access and table maintenance codes. Resolves database performance and capacity issues, and replication and other distributed data issues. Requires 2+ years of experience working with DB2 and/or SQL Server databases. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job. Works under immediate supervision. Primary job functions do not typically require exercising independent judgment. (1 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com Job Code -BTS 4 Business Analyst The Business Analyst interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently. Designs, develops, implements and maintains business solutions. Works with main clients and project and business leaders to identify analytical requirements. Provides tutorship to junior analysts. Requires at least 4 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected (3 Full Time Contractor Support Units) Please email us your resume along with the Job code to: career@ekuber.com ",
    "Location": "Tysons Corner, Virginia, United States",
    "CompanyName": "Tysons Corner",
    "Salary": "$100,000 - $140,000",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
