{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=Vfjano_8DnmH6HE0O7SVWON85tBOl5Ysrv6TwCjVT534TcCJAN5ZfDp7daDeXjaHWJKk7v0Ut9R6NGdFLfGPUWmrakNUiQT2hWub3WmQhtdNyDlvlGXpodtbZlXw8ihWPPAZUVQnb_ZOhk_jBzGkESciD03jsw0IAY-pJFVRabNFJO7TjEnsXmpBkqe9MpMFQOA",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgq7Si6AyGVDNCD4kS6NFhw2GhI2SnODSjqM-lbTsvkT9Itx-R3zd23HK9-RwavP-zGbgyxn48PSCZnOWzmt426vw9zFUjuzTdPz7I_83ppxJDsNnjdpRZZlWe-5SzPiwn-YS_Q2CgDhwIyW3FNRTmMekQiKw",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879?l=boston%2C%2Bma",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IT Specialist (APPSW) - US Other Agencies and Independent Organizations | Cambridge, MA",
    "Hash": "C3B1A6D90DA1417D1103DA210CFCAEDA",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/kHx_mqwdov8lr3B9oaurOBXk6TLfyA6wdlAHWNc8dOdNzRUZzdz99w?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " IT Specialist (APPSW) US Other Agencies and Independent Organizations - 3.8 Cambridge, MA Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$51,000 - $110,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Qualifications Web Services Database Design Writing Skills Human Resources Help Desk Master's Degree Doctoral Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary This position provides end user production support and the overall design, development and integration of core financials and human resources applications. Responsibilities Grade 7: 1. Participate in many aspects of the software development lifecycle: requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, maintenance, and support; and overall integration of software modules and other subsystem components, both commercial and custom. Support frequently requires troubleshooting and research into reports, processes, interfaces and data structures, both delivered and customized. 2. Contribute to design of software following SAO Computation Facility (CF) and SI Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) software design standards, applicable vendor\u2019s literature, and established CF practices. Assist with software development interpreting specific software project standards and developing software documentation accordingly, ensuring compliance with applicable standards 3. Verify and assist in testing all generated software and maintain code as part of an overall system. 4. Obtain data necessary to define application and system by working closely with technical and administrative staff. At the Grade 9: In addition to the duties at the grade 7, the incumbent will verify and test all general software and maintain code as part of an overall system. At the Grade 11: In addition to the duties at the grade 9, the incumbent will design software following SAO Computation Facility (CF) and SI Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) software design standards, applicable vendor's literature, and established CF practices. At the Grade 12: In addition to the duties at the grade 11, the incumbent will Conduct software development interpreting specific software project standards and developing software documentation accordingly, ensuring compliance with applicable standards at a detailed level; propose and develop new standards when modification or extension of existing CF or OCIO standards is needed. Travel Required Not required Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 2210 Information Technology Management Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Pre- and post-appointment background investigation. May be required to serve a one-year probationary period. This is a career ladder opportunity with promotion potential to grade 12. Selection may be made at either the grade 7, 9, 11 or 12 level. Direct Deposit/Elect Funds Transfer required for salary payment. For all positions, individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Qualifications Candidates at all grades must possess knowledge of and experience with enterprise financial systems, SQL, basic accounting principles, Web services, Web-based and database applications development in a multi-user Unix/Linux systems environment; Unix/Linux operating systems and utility software; ability to write concise, readable, user-oriented documentation for software and/or hardware systems, and to write system maintenance documentation; and, ability to work effectively and cooperatively with computer and network users and systems staff. In addition, candidates must possess the qualifications required for the specific grade levels for which they are applying as noted below. Candidates for grade 7 must possess a minimum of one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the grade 5 in the normal line of progress for this occupation, which should demonstrate basic knowledge of PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites or other similar enterprise applications; basic knowledge of relational database management systems and database design concepts; basic knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in CfA web applications, including Perl, C++, C, java, java server pages, and html; and, basic knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance, and support. Experience as an trainee providing basic help desk support to users of PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites would be qualifying at this level. Candidates for grade 9 must possess a minimum of one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the grade 7 in the normal line of progress for this occupation, which should demonstrate basic knowledge of and experience with PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites or other similar enterprise applications; basic knowledge of relational database management systems and database design concepts; basic knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in CfA web applications, including Perl, C++, C, java, java server pages, and html; and, basic knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance, and support. Experience providing basic help desk support to users of PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites would be qualifying at this level. Candidates for grade 11 must possess a minimum of one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the grade 9 in the normal line of progress for this occupation, which should demonstrate knowledge of PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites in order to support end users through the user interface as well as through queries of underlying data structures; expertise in SQL, SQR, Oracle Developer, Crystal and nVision; knowledge relational database management systems and database design concepts; knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in CfA web applications, including Perl, C++, C, java, java server pages, and html; knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance and support; and, knowledge of security issues in a distributed, Internet-connected environment, and ability to develop secure web applications hosted in a Unix/Linux environment. Experience providing advanced help desk support to users of PeopleSoft Financials, Human Resources suites for a mid to large company would be qualifying at this level. Candidates for grade 12 must possess a minimum of one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the grade 11 in the normal line of progress for this occupation, which should demonstrate broad knowledge of and experience with Web based and database applications development in a multi-user Unix systems environment; expertise in PeopleCode, PeopleTools, Oracle Developer, Crystal and nVision; Unix/Linux operating systems and utility software, Web services, broad knowledge of two or more of the principle programming languages in use in CfA web applications, including Perl, C++, C, java, java server pages, and html; broad knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance, and support; broad knowledge of security issues in a distributed, Internet-connected environment; and, experience writing system maintenance documentation. Experience providing expert help desk support to users of PeopleSoft Financial, Human Resources suits and Travel programs, developing databases and writing system maintenance documentation for a mid to large company would be qualifying at this level. Education Applicants can meet the basic requirement to qualify for this position through possession of education or experience. If qualifying based on education, all academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. Undergraduate or Graduate Education: Degree in computer science, engineering, information science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or technology management or degree that provided a minimum of 24 semester hours in one or more of the fields identified above and required the development or adaptation of applications, systems or networks. A transcript must be submitted with your application if you are basing all or part of your qualifications on education. Grade 7: 1 full year of graduate level education OR be eligible for the superior academic achievement provision when it provided the applicant with the criteria necessary to do the work of the position. Grade 9: master's degree or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's degree or equivalent graduate degree Grade 11: Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a PhD or equivalent doctoral degree. Grade 12: No education substitution at this grade. Additional information How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your application will be evaluated first for the basic qualifications described above. The applications that meet the basic qualifications will be evaluated further against the following criteria: Basic knowledge of relational database management systems and database design concepts, including basic knowledge of SQL. Basic knowledge of PeopleSoft Financials and Human Resources suites or other similar web-based, distributed enterprise applications in order to support end users through the user interface as well as through queries of underlying data structures. Basic knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in SAO applications, including Java, Java Script, Java Server Pages, Perl, PHP, Drupal, and VisualBasic. Knowledge of CSS, HTML, and XML. Knowledge of LINUX/UNIX editors and text formatting software is preferred. Basic knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance, and support. Familiarity with security issues in a distributed, Internet-connected environment, and ability to assist in developing secure applications for LINUX/UNIX and Windows systems. Knowledge of interpersonal skills required to obtain accurately or to communicate effectively information in an environment that can sometimes be marked with urgency or conflict to ensure the timely resolution of support and development-related issues with users and other technical staff. In addition to the above: Grade 9: Basic knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in SAO applications, including Java, Java Script, Java Server Pages, Perl, PHP, Drupal, and VisualBasic. Knowledge of CSS, HTML, and XML.. Knowledge of LINUX/UNIX editors and text formatting software is essential. Grade 11: Knowledge of one or more of the principle programming languages in use in SAO applications, including Java, Java Script, Java Server Pages, Perl, PHP, Drupal, Tableau, and VisualBasic. Knowledge of CSS, HTML, and XML. Knowledge of LINUX/UNIX editors and text formatting software is essential. Grade 12: Broad knowledge of two or more of the principle programming languages in use in SAO applications, including Java, Java Script, Java Server Pages, Perl, PHP, Drupal, Tableau, and VisualBasic. Knowledge of CSS, HTML, and XML.. Knowledge of LINUX/UNIX editors and text formatting software is essential. Broad knowledge of system software development lifecycles, including requirements generation, design, code, verification and test, systems integration, maintenance, and support. Important Note: Your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses to the occupational questionnaire or other assessment tool for consistency. If a determination is made that you have rated yourself higher than is supported by your resume, you will be assigned a rating commensurate to your described experience. Your resume should provide detailed information regarding how your education and experience relate to this position, including the major duties and qualifications criteria listed. To preview questions please click here. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents Your application package must include the following documents: Detailed resume School transcripts, if you are using education to qualify for the position. Proof of U.S. accreditation for foreign study, if applicable. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency First consideration may be made 14 days after the opening date. This is a career ladder opportunity with promotion potential to grade 12. Selection for this position to be made at the grade 7, 9, 11 or 12 level. Candidates may be non competitively promoted to the next grade level , up to grade 12, upon the recommendation of the supervisor based on classification requirements, satisfactory performance and qualifications of the employee. ",
    "Location": "Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States",
    "CompanyName": "US Other Agencies and Independent Organizations",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
