{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=Hw1yRZlASQwmWTcnOnLjzkB6cAFhPJPsMzXQXkhH-v6K0qTnRLm930x2I9Uu1o_go_XwyPHwt607BzQxr2fP0hos8sKggCm9P3H-0osXIWO0MYPUaAEvLR_yVGFFm9O4EJ9LKOAFsvF0Ra5TiFkkvJW49qUnODQHqY0hu4JAaJovJqcxR_4BsYaHzZ8aRelndpA",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgsrwBf69CPJjFlhAXzhsEY7R0IJqJfOL9fia3e7L0Hf70Zkxrzhm3FzsPYsIscIEI51VD1jPxgeth-63CCsvyPbi1lEGSYm2xynd6Xy_RmDSDzSI02C2-mpBp7FsZF3NlQRODK-FiZmUvzfMS7BGkXo167aQ",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs/Denver-CO",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Administrative Assistant III, Welcome Desk - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Fort Collins, CO",
    "Hash": "C4426F9A92E17F52FC00F806568298A5",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/yV-sJbv-LYzMx4mNcJEoVIN7hnOBJE3XsxcZG7JH5bPJ58joPwwrBg",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Administrative Assistant III, Welcome Desk State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Fort Collins, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$3,600 a month3 days ago Qualifications Troubleshooting Interviewing Conflict Management Software Troubleshooting Microsoft Office Full Job Description Department Information Description of Job FAIR LABOR STANDARD ACT DESIGNATION (FLSA): The FLSA designation for this position is nonexempt, therefore would be eligible for overtime. This position is located at the Larimer Campus in Fort Collins, CO. GENERAL SUMMARY: Admissions and Outreach department helps recruit, onboard, and acclimate new students to Front Range Community College. Prospective students are recruited through high school and community outreach. Applications completed online are processed by our department and student communication is initiated and delivered. Communication with prospective students comes out of the use of Recruiter, our CRM solution to communicate intentionally to recruit new students. The Welcome and Call Centers provide information and customer service for the Larimer Campus for external and internal customers. The Welcome Center assists students both via the phone and through walk-up customer service. The Admissions & Outreach department is usually the first point of contact for students and visitors as they seek to find a fit at FRCC to accomplish their educational & career goals. As the Administrative Assistant III at the Welcome Center you serve as the manager/supervisor responsible for overseeing the physical space, operations, and staff of the Welcome Center at the Larimer Campus. You will provide leadership for and oversite of the Welcome Center by maintaining a commitment to high-level customer service in order to create a welcoming environment focused on a strong start for students. The position will regularly assess the effectiveness and level of services to ensure that the needs of students, and consistency of service related to campus partner offices, are being met through the Welcome Center in Mount Antero. You will also oversee, in partnership with the Call Center Supervisor/Admin III and per a liaison relationship with Pathways Advising Admin III, the scheduling and appointment functions for the Pathways Advising department through the Welcome Center. You will ensure that all scheduling needs are met for the advising team working to establish and maintain best practices, increase knowledge & use of software, ensure consistency of messaging to students, and facilitate ongoing training for the student staff to achieve high-level customer service. This requires strong collaboration with key campus partners as well as the Director of Admissions & Outreach in order to remain aligned to the college wide onboarding initiative and partner offices service priorities. DUTIES Oversee the Welcome Center Operations Oversee the Welcome Center operations and staff management, including communication and messaging related to the enrollment/onboarding process, advising appointment scheduling, registration assistance, campus wayfinding, departmental referrals, and general support for transition of students to the FRCC Larimer Campus. Serves as the campus liaison to all other Student Affairs departments, especially those that connect to the scheduling functions, related to consistency of service, support needs related to resources/services/information & referrals; includes developing relationships with partners understanding what type of support and level of service they require from the Welcome Center. Assist in the day-to-day Admissions and Outreach operations, which could include prospective student engagement through the Welcome Center and assistance with on-campus events. Support and facilitate the Pathways College Student Success Initiatives and Campus Outreach Plan related to strategic priorities and the promotion of student experience and success culture through the Welcome Center service model Participate broadly in enrollment and outreach efforts and other department work as directed by the Director of Admissions & Outreach. Welcome Center Staff Supervision and Training Manage the day-to-day operations of the Welcome Center. professional growth ensuring a high level of customer service.Hire, train, evaluate, and supervise one 0.5 FTE professional, classified staff member (Admin II) who provides administrative support for the Admissions & Outreach Department; maintain strong communication & accountability in order to ensure seamless flow of information and high level customer service. Provide organizational and functional leadership related to Welcome Center staff management including updating training materials and manuals, providing resource information & communication, and maintaining relevant information related to partner offices' referral and service preferences. Maintain and keep relevant the Welcome Center OneNote resource ensuring that it can be utilized for strong customer service. Management of Scheduling Functions Oversee and facilitate the scheduling of appointments, the use of Navigate, the explanation of services, and the check in of students for the Pathways Advising department in partnership with the other A & O Admin Asst III as well as the Pathways Advising Admin Asst III roles. Establish and maintain a presence for oversight, quality control, and coaching in the Welcome Center space and area based on expectations and needs, in consultation with the Director of Admissions, and per partnerships with the Pathways Advising Office, Online Learning/Advising, and the COSI Grant Coordinator. Manage & support advising scheduling line and voicemail ensuring a high level of customer service is maintained through timely and accurate response. Maintain proficiency with scheduling software (Navigate)including best practices, service preferences, policies, etc. utilized by the Pathways Advising Office and potentially other partner offices in order to provide strong customer service and employ best practices Maintain knowledge about partner offices' staff, service model, and resources in order to stay up to date and also provide relevant ongoing training and shift adjustments for and with student staff Coordinate means of regular communication with partner office contacts providing space for updates, feedback, and service adjustments Departmental Administrative Support Per the supervision of the Admin Assistant II, oversee departmental inquiry response management, answering emails per the web/email/formstack sources to include entry of contact information into Recruit; update all templates and resources utilized. Track and record data pertaining to the Welcome Center and inquiry response management per the departmental monthly reports and timelines Assist the department with supply inventory management and maintenance; facilitate monthly supply order working with other department Admin and Director to ensure inventory is maintained per staff needs Provide assistance to the Outreach Team as/when needed with Ad Astra room reservations for on campus visits/events Generate Official Function Forms and maintain those files for the department in collaboration with the Outreach Team or Director as/when needed Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Thirty-six months (36) of higher level clerical experience. The primary function of your job must be clerical. Effective verbal and written communication skills are necessary for success in this position. (Part-time experience will be pro-rated). Do not use \"SEE RESUME\" statements on the application; your application must be completed in detail documenting your experience. SUBSTITUTION: College, university, from an accredited institution may substitute for the clerical experience as listed above on a year for year basis. (A COPY OF YOUR TRANSCRIPT VERIFYING THE REQUIRED CREDITS MUST BE RECEIVED BY APPLICATION DEADLINE, IF SUBSTITUTION IS USED TO MEET THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS) REQUIRED COMPETENCIES: Supervising student staff: Hiring, training, coaching, and supervising students; following through on accountability and expectations; providing clear direction and oversight. Customer service: Communicating with students, parents, counselors, and staff concerning issues or questions; front line contact on both phone and in person; ability to shift context and approach based on the audience Training students and staff to enhance this skill; Working with partner departments and other campus staff regularly related to customer service Independent decision making: Make decisions based on best practices, policies and procedures related to customer services and scheduling; student staff supervision; software troubleshooting Conflict Management Skills/De-escalation: Ability to de-escalate students, faculty, staff, and non-FRCC individuals when they are concerned or frustrated about processes or responses, solution and service minded. Attention to detail: Tracking of service data; maintaining student staff schedules; understanding of institutional policy and best practices. Microsoft Office Suite/Database Systems: Calendar scheduling, document preparation and tracking, information updates & maintenance; ability to adapt and learn software and database systems (CRM, Navigate, Banner) quickly; room scheduling in Ad Astra for Outreach team, working with human resources for student staff hiring. NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENT & CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: Must submit to and successfully complete a pre-employment background check. Felony convictions or conviction of crimes of moral turpitude or convictions of misdemeanors related to the job duties may disqualify you from consideration for this position. Should your background check reveal any charges and convictions, it is your responsibility to provide Front Range Community College, Office of Human Resources with an official disposition of the charges. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Supplemental Information IMPORTANT NOTE TO APPLICANTS: FORMER EMPLOYEES OF COLORADO COMMUNITY COLLEGE SYSTEM OR ONE OF ITS 13 COLLEGES, WHO WERE DISCIPLINARILY TERMINATED OR RESIGNED IN LIEU OF TERMINATION, MUST DISCLOSE THIS INFORMATION ON YOUR APPLICATION. Applications are a part of the selection/employment process and will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum requirements for the position. Review of your application materials may be the only step of the exam process for this position. Be sure your application specifically addresses the requirements as listed in the minimum requirements. If documents (transcripts, licenses, certificates, etc.) are required make sure you include them in your application packet. Address your experience, work products, and accomplishments as they relate to the position duties and minimum requirements. Attach additional pages if necessary to fully explain your experience and accomplishments. Failure to include the required information and/or documents by the application deadline may result in your application not being considered for the position. Applications must be completed in their entirety (the words \"See Resume\" on the application are NOT acceptable) and SIGNED to be accepted. Resumes and cover letters will not be accepted in lieu of the official E Form application (Online). The deadline for RECEIPT of application materials is 11:59 p.m. on the closing date. Should transfers be looked at separately, please note that temporary appointments are not eligible to be considered as Transfers. Your application will be reviewed by a Human Resource Specialist to determine if you meet the minimum requirements for this position. If there are questions related to your qualifications your application will be given a second review. If your application is still rejected you have the right to have your rejection reviewed by the State Personnel Director. To request this review you must include: 1) Job title; 2) Agency involved; 3) Name of the agency representative spoken to during informal resolution attempts; 4) Date(s) of the conversation; 5) specific issue: and 6) reason(s) it is believed the decision was arbitrary, capricious, or contrary to rule or law. This request for review should be directed to: State Personnel Board, 633 17th Street, Suite 1320, Denver, CO 80202-3604 or fax to 303-866-5038. Contingent upon the number of applications received, testing could be conducted for this position. The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Front Range Community College is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, JoAnne Wilkinson, at joanne.wilkinson@frontrange.edu or call 303-678-3707. Pregnancy Related Accommodations, Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) The Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA), allows applicants to request a reasonable accommodation for health conditions related to pregnancy or the physical recovery from childbirth. If you are an individual who wishes to request reasonable accommodations for an exam, you must do so at least three days prior to the administration of the exam. Please refer to the contact information on the exam scheduling notice or on the specific job announcement. Notice to Prospective Employees: Front Range Community College is required by the Clery Act of 1990 to notify prospective employees, current employees, students and applicants where to access our Campus Security Report. The report is updated and published annually in accordance with the Higher Education Amendments of 1998, Federal Student Right-to-Know, the Federal Drug-free Schools and Campuses Act of 1989. This report contains information about: Front Range Community College's alcohol and other drug policy VAWA policy Campus security policies Campus/community resources Where to find registered sex offender information Crime statistics for the previous three calendar years Reporting crimes The Campus Security Report can be accessed in two ways: By going to the internet website at: Clery Act Information (Download PDF reader) Printed copies of the FRCC Campus Annual Security Report are available on request through the Dean of Students Affairs Office and any college Campus Security and Preparedness Office. ",
    "Location": "Fort Collins, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "State",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "3 days ago"
}
