{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=A68P3vjzxnP52yEq-tLdyiGnKr4kPyEunH5NCPKGx2u1SVPnA1UKiYyeJZuSydkYBjcpLJoCJ6cmF_OGf_1rTbiVJA95EaQSi4v1B0vpu2uIQ2QHplqKUYsoryb_Z9KkmG_D8Jo51ersI0l64l5AnDL43u1mp_xONE_oBcscB8RKzVLzLx2b4vx2enEN0B_r1sc",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgKXzwjD5T3czJmSdQ_ocGxIj_x2h38LcHtMBpR_o2Raw_NaF-sw3GHPHEg_uh9hkP7GcIZafdkGt6e1WJ8Gna7EBYxXjH2I7x1YRo4GBjDlZ7AhCe1mlK15MIdNbNL4Yjp9DCScK75j0GDw2TghWoobvfm5E",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Data-and-Database-Occupations/category/9eb585b9-bf73-40cf-9fcd-4b337acbc3be",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Healthcare-Associated Infections Surveillance Data Analyst - 2452 - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Denver, CO",
    "Hash": "D9648AC2B9245A417267DFFF62FD218D",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/IPIxBrT7--4ti9RtP6qnZCoFemJ7EAC9M8QSan_NDxCkiH9Fmk5N1g?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Healthcare-Associated Infections Surveillance Data Analyst - 2452 State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Denver, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$59,000 - $86,000 a year9 days ago Benefits Health Insurance Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Tuition Reimbursement Flexible Schedule Qualifications R Data Analysis Skills Public Health Data Visualization Epidemiology Master's Degree Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Full Job Description Department Information This position is only open to Colorado state residents. This announcement will remain open until July 9, 2020 or until we have identified an adequate applicant pool, whichever comes first. Applicants are strongly encouraged to apply early. Although the full salary range for this position is provided, appointments are typically made at or near the range minimum. Be BOLD and make a real difference . . . Do you desire a career that provides you with opportunities to improve the world around you? The Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment (CDPHE) is seeking diverse individuals from all backgrounds to apply for a career position that makes a direct impact on improving the lives of Colorado citizens. Our mission is to advance Colorado's health and protect the places we live, work, learn, and play. Our vision is to create a healthy and sustainable Colorado where current and future generations thrive. If your goal is to build a career that makes a difference, consider joining the dedicated people of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. Our tobacco-free campus offers free parking and is conveniently located near RTD bus lines, the Cherry Creek Shopping Center, Glendale City Set, and the Cherry Creek bike path. In addition to a great location and rewarding, meaningful work, we offer: Employee wellness programs and facilities Extensive internal professional development opportunities on a wide variety of subjects Bike to work programs, including access to storage lockers and bike racks Distinctive career advancement opportunities throughout the State system Strong, yet flexible retirement benefits including a choice of the PERA Defined Benefit Plan or the PERA Defined Contribution Plan, plus optional 401K and 457 plans Medical and dental health plans Paid life insurance Short- and long-term disability coverage 10 paid holidays per year plus generous personal time off Mentoring program with opportunities for mentors and mentees Tuition assistance for college level courses including Masters degree programs Excellent work-life programs, such as flexible schedules, and A variety of employee resource groups We are committed to increasing the diversity of our staff and providing culturally responsive programs and services. Therefore, we encourage responses from people of diverse backgrounds and abilities. Some positions may qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. For more information, go to: https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/pslfFlow.action#!/pslf/launch Description of Job The Work Unit: This position resides in the Healthcare Associated Infections (HAI) and Antimicrobial Resistance (AR) Program of the Communicable Disease Branch. The purpose of the Communicable Disease Branch is to monitor, investigate, and control epidemic and communicable diseases affecting the public health in Colorado, as required under Colorado statute, including enteric diseases, invasive bacterial diseases, respiratory diseases, vaccine preventable diseases, zoonotic diseases, foodborne and waterborne diseases and healthcare-associated infections. The purpose of the HAI/AR Program is to monitor, investigate, and prevent healthcare-associated infections and antimicrobial resistant pathogens, and monitor and support antimicrobial stewardship in Colorado. What You'll Be Doing: This position oversees statewide healthcare facility reporting into the CDC HAI reporting database, the National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN), including the following: Monitor Colorado healthcare facilities' compliance with the statutory requirements regarding HAI disclosure; Provide support, guidance, technical assistance, and education to health care facilities regarding HAI surveillance and reporting into NHSN; Provide guidance and education to the Healthcare Associated Infections Advisory Committee regarding HAI surveillance and reporting into NHSN; Stay up to date on NHSN protocols and updates; Serves as the Colorado expert for NHSN reporting and analysis. This position performs data analysis for the HAI Program, including the following: Analyze HAI data reported through NHSN for facility-based reports for the public and legislature as per statute; write these reports; Analyze data from population-based surveillance conducted by the HAI/AR Program Use NHSN and other surveillance system data to develop aggregate and facility-specific reports to inform state priorities for HAI prevention, facility-specific guidance, and data quality; Stay current on latest methodologies in analyses for HAI public health data in other state and local health departments; Develop and implement protocols for using surveillance data for outbreak and cluster detection and social network analysis; Conduct data analyses for antimicrobial stewardship efforts, including reporting antibiotic stewardship core elements, producing the Colorado Antibiogram, and evaluation of antimicrobial use data; Conduct select studies of CDC's Emerging Infections Program; Provide data support during outbreak investigations; Development of databases as needed for HAI program needs. This position develops and implements data visualization methods for presentation of findings from analyses of HAI, surveillance, antimicrobial stewardship and other data. This position assists with the COVID-19 response as needed, including through extension of the above activities. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in public health, epidemiology, biostatistis, or related field; AND Three years of professional experience working in the field of public health, epidemiology, or biostatistics, including experience with data analysis and reporting. This experience must be substantiated within the Work Experience section of your application. \"See Resume\" will not be accepted. In addition, part-time work will be prorated. Substitutions: Additional experience in the public health or epidemiology fields will substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis. A master's degree in public health, epidemiology, biostatistics, or closely related field will substitute for two of the required three years of experience. A copy of your transcript must be submitted at the time of application (Unofficial transcripts are acceptable.) Conditions of Employment: A pre-employment criminal background check will be conducted as part of the selection process. Felony convictions or conviction of crimes of moral turpitude or convictions of misdemeanors related to job duties may disqualify you from being considered for this position. Should your background check reveal any charges and convictions, it is your responsibility to provide the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment Human Resources office with an official disposition of any charges. Critical Status: Must be available in the event of an emergency, (e.g., bio-terrorist attack, chemical attack, disease outbreak or all hazards) and be required to report to work immediately at the regular or alternate location. During this time, travel restrictions may be in place. Critical Status: Must be available in the event of the activation of the Continuity of Operations Plan (COOP) and be required to report to work immediately at the regular or alternate location. During this time, travel restrictions may be in place. Preferred Qualifications and Essential Competencies: The preferred experience, competencies and abilities are highly desirable for this position and will be considered in selecting the successful candidate: Doctorate degree in epidemiology, biostatistics, or public health or similar training program such as Epidemic Intelligence Service. Practical experience working in a public health setting, particularly communicable diseases, or epidemiology in a healthcare setting Proficiency with the use of statistical software, such as SAS or R Practical experience with database management Practical experience with complex data analysis Practical experience producing reports of data analyses for stakeholders Practical experience with the use of data visualization tools, such as Tableau Practical experience with producing adjusted risk estimates and application of statistical tests Practical experience working in the field of healthcare-associated infections Practical experience working with disease surveillance data systems Experience analyzing public health surveillance data Holds self accountable for high-quality and timely results Ability to pay close attention to detail when completing work tasks Ability to think critically with demonstrated talent for analyzing and assessing all sides of a question or an issue in order to make a more informed decision Ability to adapt quickly to change and easily consider new approaches Personable professional whose strengths include cultural sensitivity and an ability to build rapport diverse individuals Ability to demonstrate awareness of technologies and use technology effectively Excellent customer service skills Supplemental Information A complete application packet must include: A completed State of Colorado application. A cover letter that describes how your experience aligns with the minimum and preferred qualifications of this position. The Selection Process: All applications that are received by the closing of this announcement will be reviewed against the Minimum Qualifications in this announcement. Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications proceed to the next step. Colorado Revised Statutes require that state employees are hired and promoted based on merit and fitness through a comparative analysis process. Part of, or all of, the comparative analysis for this position may be a structured application review, which involves a review of the information you submit in your application materials by Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) against the preferred qualifications. A top group, up to six candidates, will be invited to schedule an interview with the hiring manager. Appeal Rights: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position or that as a result of no longer being considered, you were discriminated against, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. If an applicant seeks to have an allegation of discrimination reviewed by the Board, that person must file an appeal (petition for hearing) within 10 days of the action or receipt of any final written selection decision. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. E-Verify: CDPHE uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities. You must be legally eligible to work in the United States to be appointed to this position. CDPHE does not sponsor non-residents of the United States. ADAAA Accommodations: The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. The Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator at cdphe.humanresources@state.co.us or call 303-692-2060, option 5. "
}