{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=7Ls8erqn2hnLJPVCzYGH9KHKrXB0eJafzoN4Xd8WjDtzDvqCXLFoirUgpzM9F9ZCBe4MW2ya3vQeJnbO74GxTOVt-V8gj92SjbEFSxP-CWTNL8WmKzm7bkoRIDcQOUYNZawjeg8PYSIHfggcjrHeRFvwkE8JME7vldUv7ZQ8lBpzTDJt7x6dt2xoW-8XV0u-wwQ",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgqvBn50sasVsJ_yDimLx4FjO4cvXKCLosczllrFvZdR389brn1iduLGRZ-a6Q34rn-Td3p1yvMDvfStNRH1DXIzZmJdJrzBvOiTIiwjpA9xq_rNxGywgg9CFT4eJyuIa39kCRFi_eE0Pi3FjeirxxYZMF8oI",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology/category/797021f9-4aa1-4e1d-ae53-163bd4374879",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "NATIONAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS SERVICES PROGRAM MANAGER - US Department of Defense | Quantico, VA",
    "Hash": "E87D73691BC22DACDB139E81576A66FE",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/HedLnCjaloM80StYep0VQXJU73iHnhENlHCsJ1ykqTg26AJEITkjgQ?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " NATIONAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS SERVICES PROGRAM MANAGER US Department of Defense - 4.2 Quantico, VA Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time | Temporary$160,000 - $180,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Qualifications Driver's License Leadership Experience Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Full Job Description Duties Summary The purpose of this position is to serve as the National Background Investigation Services (NBIS) Executive Program Manager (EPM). This position reports directly to the DCSA Program Executive Officer (PEO) who provide general direction. This position is responsible for providing general supervision and acquisition direction to staff of the NBIS Program. This position may be filled in the National Capital Region (NCR) at either Quantico, Virginia, Fort Meade, Maryland, or other NCR locations. Responsibilities Major Duties and Responsibilities The incumbent of this position serves as the NBIS EPM and is responsible for establishing goals, priorities, and measures of effectiveness to ensure that NBIS Program objectives with regard to the business transformation, information system security, process standardization, and system implementation, deployment and sustainment. Additionally, they will work closely with the resource and requirements sponsors through the governance process in order to provide executive lifecycle management of the systems acquisition process and deliver an enterprise service to the entire federal government, to include the Defense Industrial Base (DIB). In addition, they direct planning for the implementation, operation, and sustainment, of the information technology infrastructure and system necessary to business operations for the reformed personnel vetting and security clearance process. This requires extensive coordination through a variety of DCSA, DoD and Federal governance processes that include federal political appointee level and industry executives. Although this position involves important responsibility for personal work accomplishment, it dedicates a minimum of twenty-five percent of its time to classical supervisory duties. Responsibilities include: Supervises assigned staff of approximately 40 civilians within the acquisition program; Providing acquisition system direction in managing cost, schedule and performance for the planning, procurement, development, implementation, deployment, operation, maintenance, and sustainment of NBIS with an annual budget of over $120 million; Ensure the integration and organization of all DCSA, DoD and federal government functions required to support an effective program, as well as, effective fiscal planning and budget formulation and execution in a fiscally constrained environment. Delivering information support services enabling all DoD component, over 100 federal agencies and over 10,000 DIB customers to meet functional, strategic, and operational goals using NBIS; Develops proposals and support agreements to ensure partner delivery in support of NBIS; Ensure the integration and organization of all DCSA functions required to support an effective program, as well as, effective fiscal planning and budget formulation and execution in a fiscally constrained environment Exercises operational control of all assigned information technology; Provides full spectrum support and management activities for the implementation, fielding and sustainment of a secure business service for the entire federal government and DIB underpinned by NBIS and associated IT systems; Provides direction and oversight to all personnel/manpower management and human resource planning activities and actions; Ensures effective and appropriate management and internal control of all DCSA resources; and Performs other duties as assigned by the PEO and Director, DCSA. Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status Yes Promotion Potential None Job family (Series) 0340 Program Management Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a US citizen Male born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service Resume and supporting documents received by 11:59PM EST will be considered This is a Drug Testing designated position Position is a (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under U.S.C. 1601 WORK SCHEDULE: Full Time TOUR OF DUTY: Flexible PCS (Permanent Change of Station): Authorized FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT (FLSA): Exempt FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: OGE-278, Executive Personnel Financial Disclosure, is required TELEWORK ELIGIBILITY: This position is telework eligible This position falls under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) and incumbent must obtain Level 3 certification as a member of the DoD Acquisition Corps This position is designated Special-Sensitive, the incumbent must obtain and maintain a Top Secret/SCI security clearance The incumbent may be required to accept a change of official duty station in support of the accomplishment of the DCSA mission. This position is designated as \"Mission Essential\" for purposes of continuity of operations in an emergency You may be subject to a two-year trial period in the Defense Intelligence Senior Executive Service unless required trial period has been served Incumbent may be required to operate automotive passenger vehicles in performance of official duties. A valid drivers license is required This position may require frequent Temporary Duty Travel (TDY) and/or local travel Qualifications As a basic requirement for entry, applicants must provide evidence of progressively responsible leadership experience that is indicative of senior level management capability and directly related to the skills and abilities outlined under the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) and Technical Qualifications (TQs). You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level close to the work of the position that has given you particular knowledge, skills, and abilities required to successfully perform the requirements of the position. Typically, this type of experience would be found within this field or a field that is closely related. All applicants must submit written statements (narrative format) of accomplishments that would satisfy the ECQ's and TQ's. You must address each qualification separately. Failure to reply to each qualification will result in being rated as ineligible. Please limit your written statements to no more than two pages per qualification. Executive Core Qualifications (ECQ): ECQ 1 - LEADING CHANGE: This core qualification involves the ability to bring about strategic change, both within and outside the organization, to meet organizational goals. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to establish an organizational vision and to implement it in a continuously changing environment. ECQ 2 - LEADING PEOPLE: This core qualification involves the ability to lead people toward meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to provide an inclusive workplace that fosters the development of others, facilitates cooperation and teamwork, and supports constructive resolution of conflicts. ECQ 3 - RESULTS DRIVEN: This core qualification involves the ability to meet organizational goals and customer expectations. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to make decisions that produce high-quality results by applying technical knowledge, analyzing problems, and calculating risks. ECQ 4 - BUSINESS ACUMEN: This core qualification involves the ability to manage human, financial, and information resources strategically. ECQ 5 - BUILDING COALITIONS: This core qualification involves the ability to build coalitions internally and with other federal agencies, State and local governments, nonprofit and private sector organizations, foreign governments, or international organizations to achieve common goals. Technical Qualifications(TQs): In addition to the ECQS, this position requires the following Technical Qualifications: Demonstrate knowledge and experience in planning and managing investment strategies for the application of information technology at a corporate or federal agency level. Demonstrate knowledge and experience leading a complex, large-scale IT acquisition program of at least $25 Million in annual spend through the system development life cycle from design through operational support. Demonstrate knowledge and expertise in leading business and/or digital transformation activities in support of a large-scale IT systems modernization efforts. Work experience that qualifies for joint duty certification under IC Directive 601. Qualifying experience requires at least 12 months of satisfactory performance at a pay grade of at least a GS-13 (or equivalent) after September 11, 2001 in positions such as: prior military service, a detail, rotational, or temporary assignment to an IC designated agency or equivalent experience in the private sector, academia, or other Federal or state agencies. Education A bachelors degree is the minimum desired , however it is preferred that applicants possess a masters degree. Additional information DCSA, as a newly designated Defense Agency is undergoing a multi-year transformation that includes a significant expansion of predecessor agencies' authorities and responsibilities. Mission accretion and associated growth in personnel and resources requires deliberate coordination and planning across operations and support activities to achieve effective outcomes while simultaneously establishing and integrating new activities, initiatives and projects. The new organization will be comprised of nearly 13,000 government and contractor personnel operation throughout the United States and overseas supporting stakeholders across the federal government. Please review the General Application Information and Definitions at: http://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo.pdf Other Notes: Applicants selected from this announcement may be required to serve a two-year trial period. If selected, Federal employees currently serving in the competitive service must acknowledge that they will voluntarily leave the competitive service by accepting an offer of employment for a DCIPS excepted service positions. If selected, non-DCIPS candidates must acknowledge in writing that the position they have been selected for is in the excepted service and covered by DCIPS. Selection under this appointment authority does not confer civil service competitive status. All current and former Federal employees must submit a copy of your latest SF50 (Notification of Personnel Action) showing your tenure, grade and step, and type of position occupied (i.e., Excepted or Competitive); or similar Notification of Personnel Action documentation, i.e., Transcript of Service, Form 1150, etc. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Once the application process is complete, your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the Occupational Questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job If you are found to be among the top candidates, you will be referred to the selecting official for employment consideration. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Sensitive Compartmented Information Drug test required Yes Position sensitivity and risk Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. The following documents are REQUIRED 1. Your resume: Your resume may be submitted in any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement. For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the dates of employment (i.e.,Month/Year to present\"). For additional information see: What to include in your resume. 2. ECQ and TQ ALL applicants must submit the Executive Core Qualification (ECQs) and Technical Qualification (TQs) as outlined in this job announcement. Failure to submit ECQ and TQ's will result in disqualification.. 3. Standard Form (SF) 50 IF you are a current or former Federal civilian employee, you must submit a copy of your SF-50 showing your highest grade held. If selected, additional documentation may be required prior to appointment. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Senior executives Those who meet the five Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs). The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Clarification from the agency This announcement is open to: all US Citizens and SES ",
    "Location": "Quantico VA",
    "CompanyName": "US Department of Defense",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "Not Found"
}
