{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=d3ndM640NQ20Nso1c49eOpP-OdljYd73poKAW-blnLPTu-kXOW-xuTno8k1XoCYOPPZFTE_tgKYjnNZVj1gitbse7Jcx5ISeIBLqhAvsmWs_AN2mxdvLSiOBwLng3QT-sTBxawXfyCVmltAvP47QPitP1Jel8LHrUxGYiTKG43_anRWdEtz3oBPid3494eUAo3Q",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgkjRT22xpxhGkyfayRVipKh1S6_G5rV7dYlcvfK-IhPWNV_1hGrGxPep4LyXK3Z3rE6hKZBI5_MVxIIiXACw8PVIbE7hUbDG6D0GE1MX24YONtEVo59hEZA6JaUg-kHItAdijNFNoWnM-d263UKjPqbG7yL0",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Front Office Cashiering - Administrative Assistant II, Customer Service Representative (DC) - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Lakewood, CO",
    "Hash": "F0EC0D168BB4F502BA989751408243EB",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/bpynsJHgye3Gkvkh1EFSSIyr4GcBedkEk14Y0htLRI5sBY-2RkZP1Q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Front Office Cashiering - Administrative Assistant II, Customer Service Representative (DC) State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Lakewood, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$2,900 a month6 days ago Benefits Paid Time Off Qualifications Customer Service Interviewing Microsoft Word Microsoft Office Clerical Experience Full Job Description Department Information There are multiple openings being staffed out of this one post. All applicants will be considered for any and all positions attached to this posting. MOTTO Always help. VISION To empower businesses and individuals through quality customer service, innovation and collaboration. MISSION To become a trusted partner to every Coloradan to help them navigate the complexities of government so they can thrive. Welcome to the Colorado Department of Revenue. Learn more about us here: Colorado Department of Revenue. The Department of Revenue offers 10 paid holidays per year, paid vacation and sick leave, discounted RTD Eco-Pass, BenefitHub, CafeWell, employee wellness programs included in a great benefit package. Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) The Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) provides services used by nearly every citizen of the State. Colorado citizens utilize identification, driver, and vehicle services at State and County offices to obtain identification cards, driver licenses, vehicle registrations, titles, and other related services. Additionally, the DMV licenses and provides oversight of private businesses and government organizations that provide driver and emission testing services. Finally, the division works closely with other state agencies and programs to provide information and education to serve the public and encourage voluntary compliance. Description of Job The Driver Control Section exists to administer motor vehicle statutory requirements affecting driver's privilege, to compile and house motor vehicle related data and documents through data entry, electronic imaging, and filing. To provide copies, reports, and information pertaining to motor vehicle data and documents upon request from law enforcement and governmental agencies. And to process requests from the general public and collect appropriate fees. The Front Office Cashiering position is a \"Customer-Facing\" position, working across a counter from our customers, the general public. The position provides service to customers in person; collecting payments and answering questions concerning payments, refunds and information pertaining to a customer's driving record. Responsible for the handling and the security of large sums of money, including managing daily cash drawers, verifying total daily collections, and verifying cash receipts and reporting. Maintains the security of equipment, documents, files, and all entrances and exits. Maintain compliance with department and section policy to ensure a safe and clean environment. The ideal applicant brings their customer service experience and their strong attention to detail to this job every day to ensure comprehensive information exchange, provided in a thorough, professional manner with every support transaction. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights Candidates shall possess good communications skills (both oral and written) and interpersonal skills, the ability to multi-task, the ability to work responsibly with confidential information, the ability to work in high-stress environments, and the demonstrated ability to assist customers in an effective, efficient, and elegant manner. Minimum Qualifications Two years of General Clerical work experience in a professional office setting. General Clerical work experience is typically performed by office clerks and/or administrative assistants this includes, but is not limited to tasks such as: Experience providing exceptional customer service in person, call center and/or online; interfacing with a variety of people from many levels within the organization and community. Data Entry including: entering information into a program or database (appointments, contact information, customer records) Regular, daily work responsibilities utilizing equipment and software used in offices (E-Mail, Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Google Apps, etc.) Regular, daily work responsibilities utilizing computer systems, scanners, printers, copiers, fax machines and other technologies Typing professional emails, letters, reports, briefings, forms, memoranda, etc... Reviewing and comparing data for accuracy and completeness. Gathering specified information and compiling routine reports In order to be considered for this position, your general clerical and/or call center experience must be documented on your application. (Part-time experience will be pro-rated.) Substitutions College or university coursework in Business Administration, Accounting, Public Administration, Political Science, or similar field may substitute for the required experience on a year-for-year basis. Preferred Qualifications The preferred candidate will possess the following: One year general clerical work with cash-related responsibilities (eg.- cash-handling, cash management, cash reconciliation). Previous experience working in an office that handles monetary payments including cash, checks or money orders for a municipality, state or public agency Previous experience in a \"Customer-Facing\" position providing in-person customer service and general clerical services directly interfacing with customers. Experience working in a complex, high volume general clerical support position. Career progression in a general clerical and/or customer service position. Experience working with sensitive information of a confidential nature. Experience cashiering and/or working in a high volume cash handling position. CDOR Special Requirements All employees must be current with their income tax filings and payments with the State of Colorado. This includes successfully passing a pre-employment evaluation of your tax records/accounts. Employees are in a position of public trust in the performance of their job duties and must operate in a manner that maintains the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and public confidence. All job finalists require successful completion of a background investigation and reference check prior to appointment. Background checks may include national criminal, financial, traffic, civil, education, and/or experience checks or any other checks related to the job assignment. Fingerprint background checks and pre-employment drug testing may also be required for some positions. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Applicants are strongly encouraged to apply online. However, if NOT applying online, applications from Department of Revenue employees may be faxed to 303-866-3718. Supplemental Information APPLICATION, MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS & COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS E-mail Address: All correspondence regarding your status in the selection/examination process will be conducted via Complete Online Application -detailing how your experience and education meet the stated minimum and preferred qualifications of the job. \"See Resume\" statements will not be accepted in lieu of a properly completed application. Applicant Checklist A \"Complete Application\" must include: Complete Online Application detailing how your experience and education meet the stated minimum and preferred qualifications of the job. \"See Resume\" statements will not be accepted. Cover Letter detailing how your experience and/or education meet the stated minimum and preferred qualifications of the job Resume detailing summary of work history Completed Supplemental Questionnaire found at the end of the online application College Transcripts (when requested, or when using education to meet minimum qualifications) a copy of your official or unofficial transcripts showing that your degree has been conferred and the name of your school, or your National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) accreditation. Only complete applications submitted by the closing date for this announcement will be given consideration. Failure to submit properly completed documents by the closing date of this announcement may result in your application being rejected. Minimum Qualifications The online application will be used to determine if you meet the Minimum Qualification requirements. It is imperative that you read the Minimum Qualifications and make certain that job duties and education (if applicable) in your online application \"draw correlations\" to the Minimum Qualifications. Human Resources Analysts will not infer you meet the Minimum Qualifications if experience isn't detailed in the application. Years of experience will be expressed in terms of full-time equivalent service with full-time workload equal to one (1) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) year. No more than 1.00 FTE year may be credited in any twelve (12) month period. Positions working 40 hours or less per week will be pro-rated (30 hrs/wk=0.75 FTE=9 mos credit; 20 hrs/wk=0.5 FTE=6 mos credit; 10 hrs/wk=0.25 FTE=3 mos credit.)* Comparative Analysis The state personnel system as defined by the Colorado Constitution requires that all jobs within the classified system be filled through comparative analysis. The number and types of comparative analysis will depend on the position being filled as well as the number of qualified applicants. You may be considered for vacancies only if you have successfully completed the comparative analysis process. A comparative analysis is a process that compares specific job-related knowledge, skills, abilities, behaviors and other competencies. The process can include multiple components including structured interviews, application/resume review, oral panel examinations, written objective tests (multiple-choice, true/false), written narrative tests, performance tests, training and/or experience evaluations, or physical capacity tests. HOW TO APPLY: Thank you for your interest. Submit an on-line application by clicking the link below or submit a State of Colorado Application for Announced Vacancy and all supplemental questions according to the instructions provided below. Failure to submit a complete and timely application may result in the rejection of your application. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that application materials are received by the appropriate Human Resources office before the closing date and time listed above. TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED: An unofficial copy of transcripts must be submitted at the time of application. Transcripts from colleges or universities outside the United States must be assessed for U.S. equivalency by a NACES educational credential evaluation service. This documentation is the responsibility of the applicant and must be included as part of your application materials. Failure to provide a transcript or credential evaluation report may result in your application being rejected and you will not be able to continue in the selection process for this announcement. APPLICANT CHECKLIST: Only complete applications submitted by the closing date for this announcement will be given consideration. Failure to submit properly completed documents by the closing date of this announcement may result in your application being rejected. Complete Applications must include the following documents: 1) A complete CDOR Application for Announced Vacancy (Submit online using the link in this announcement) 2) A complete Supplemental Questionnaire (Submit online as part of your application) 3) A chronological resume (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) 4) A Cover Letter with a Written Narrative. The written narrative should describe your interest in this position and specifically how your education, abilities, skills and experience relate to the requirements, responsibilities and competencies listed in the job announcement. (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted) The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment Guidelines for EDI Compliance for Job Announcements in CO-Jobs Prepared by: Department of Personnel & Administration Division of Human Resources, Consulting Services Page 1 of 3 January 29, 2020 opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. EQUITY, DIVERSITY, and INCLUSION COMPLIANCE The Colorado Department of Revenue is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Jacquline Tremble-Brown. Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}