{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=bk2lilRTt8V_61knteLJcSGgL9DSeF78c4mMz25zUQ4RCcFiCL-nXaQ_Ft5x8qRYZHmD_ALlybzbxrY1-M_GxzQBbwZSe8R82Bc2WaoCBoZ1OsfpCWBgK0mtgfYcMIdx11St3Y9GWIDUHWkCoGzmcL9xULE8AxH-iUAWrGW2v7wzG2ENn6NslleRwuXPOg_LYa4",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgEze4g5ajab6Rs26p1HxPQ8s7HNQCN0WNrqPk32tp4qOj10nKB4OuY94V2djE1pMFncohKXfG14F2AJ3di-Se9vAa2V2qFkHAAO5PTb9B2zbAKLkF7i7jH3h80PXtadWSc9mbVdFra1F2ylRk0bcc42Nbrow",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs/Denver-CO",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Labor & Employment Specialist Entry Level - Customer Service and Monetary Redetermination - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Denver, CO",
    "Hash": "F4042C4CB5D68FFB8CDC0E064706057B",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/U9eRVz_2lCWbXnZCDF0Av3pl4uViHHxnStJ6qmsRvcA6XM3xTUBPaw",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "× Sign In or Create Account Use Facebook or Google to sign in or register with SimplyHired. Continue with FacebookContinue with Google By signing in to your account, you agree to SimplyHired's Terms of Service and consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policy. × ERROR × ERROR Refresh the Page Search Jobs Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Sign In Job Seeker Employer ATS Human Resources Post Jobs Free Human Resources Resume Builder Company Pages Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Careers Resumes Cover Letters Job Descriptions Contact Us United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms  | Privacy Center  | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Labor & Employment Specialist Entry Level - Customer Service and Monetary Redetermination State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Denver, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$20 - $24 an hour22 hours ago Benefits Health Insurance Health Savings Account Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Flexible Schedule Qualifications Real Estate Law Writing Skills Business Management Interviewing Microsoft Word Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Full Job Description Department Information We have multiple openings for Labor & Employment Specialist Interns within our Division of Unemployment Insurance. WORKING HOURS FOR THIS POSITION: This permanent part-time position will be required to work 40 hours per week and is eligible for benefits. The normal working hours for this position are 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday. The hours can, and may, fluctuate depending on workload and budget. Typically these positions will have a heavier workload from October through March, and a lighter workload from April to September. Additionally, the budget for Unemployment Insurance is variable based on economic conditions. Fluctuations in workload and budget may require reduced work hours. The Department of Labor and Employment keeps Colorado strong and competitive. We connect workers with great jobs and assist those who have been injured on the job. We help people who are unemployed through no fault of their own by providing temporary wage replacement and we ensure fair labor practices. We provide an up-to-date and accurate picture of the economy that helps in decision making. And we protect the workplace \u2013 and Colorado communities \u2013 with a variety of consumer protection and safety programs. This is a values-driven organization, committed to teamwork, collaboration, accountability, adaptability, excellence, integrity and respect. We believe in outstanding customer service, an inclusive culture, continued process improvement and in our role as a trusted and strategic partner. Recognizing that knowledgeable employees drive our success, we are seeking dedicated individuals who exhibit our shared values and our passion for quality and excellence in all we do. In addition to rewarding and meaningful work, we offer excellent benefits: Strong, secure, yet flexible retirement benefits including a PERA Defined Benefit Plan or PERA Defined Contribution Plan plus 401(k) and 457 plans Medical and dental health plans Employer supplemented Health Savings Account Paid life insurance Short- and long-term disability coverage 10 paid holidays per year plus vacation and sick leave Discounted RTD EcoPass (Denver Metro locations) BenefitHub state employee discount program CafeWell employee wellness program Excellent work-life programs, such as flexible schedules, training and more Our agency website: Colorado Department of Labor and Employment The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. The Colorado Department of Labor and Employment is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Skye Brunick, at skye.brunick@state.co.us or call 303-318-8205. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. For inquiries about this recruitment effort, please call 303-318-8200. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT WILL REMAIN OPEN UNTIL 5PM ON THURSDAY, JUNE 25,2020 OR UNTIL 100 APPLICATIONS ARE RECEIVED, WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST. APPLICANTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY EARLY. Description of Job OVERVIEW: The Labor and Employment Specialist Intern position is in training to perform the following duties. After successfully completing training in the Customer Service Center, this position will be reallocated to Labor and Employment Specialist I. This is an entry level position with opportunities for advancement. The Labor and Employment Specialist will be responsible for informing unemployment claimants of their rights and responsibilities, answering claimants' questions about the Unemployment Insurance process, and making legal decisions. The responsibilities are more advanced than a typical call center position and require comprehensive training and knowledge of how to review and proceed with new or existing claims, paying attention to details such as unreported job separations, overpayments, or other potential problems with claims that may not be easy to identify. Therefore, these positions will participate in extensive classroom and on-the- job training. We are looking for hard-working team members who are passionate about making an impact on and serving the community and who work well in a structured environment. The ideal candidate will need to be forward-thinking, able to navigate multiple computer systems, and learn and interpret a large amount of complex information. Candidates must be organized and have strong analytical skills. Candidates must also have the ability to exemplify patience and composure, while making decisions based on the law. Duties and Responsibilities: Intake and Assessment Provides respectful, courteous customer service and coordinates the UI claims taking activities of individuals filing for all types of Colorado based liable claims. Determines claimant eligibility for UI benefits, claim type, and benefit computations by conducting fact-finding, evaluating qualifications, and reviewing wages and employment history. Simultaneously navigates a variety of computer systems and applications. Communications and Analysis Provides customer service and problem solving in response to claimant inquiries and advises claimant of their rights and responsibilities under current legislation and division policies and procedures; evaluates UI claims and issues. Interprets and applies knowledge of division policies, state and federal laws, and regulations pertaining to the Colorado Employment Security Act (CESA) and the Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA) to determine eligibility entitlement. Researches, reviews, and advises claimants on unfamiliar concepts, filing options, and programs that apply to claim activities. Interprets federal and other states' laws and regulations governing UI programs providing services as an agent for other states' inquiries. Adjudication (Decision Making and Informed Judgment) Formulates a formal judgment on non-monetary non-separation issues after conducting fact-finding, researching law sources and applying knowledge of state and federal statutes. Monetary Determinations Find active employer account numbers If no active account number is found, determine if wages should be covered by Unemployment Insurance. If wages should be covered by Unemployment Insurance, initiate the process to create an employer account number. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Experience and/or Education If you do not possess a degree, please see the Experience Substitutions below. Required Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in a field of study related to the work assignment. An associate degree will count two years toward the required bachelor's degree. College coursework completed will count toward the college degree as long as the number of semester hours completed is specifically listed on the application. OR Substitutions:Experience (Substitutes for Degree on a year-for-year basis): Work experience in one or more of the following may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the required education: Unemployment Insurance, health insurance, automobile insurance, business management, supervisory experience, managing budgets, certified interpreter/translator, certified real estate agent, legal/paralegal, social work, counseling, human resources, training and curriculum development, accounting technician or accountant, payroll, and/or technology support. Required Competencies: Customer Service: Demonstrates a commitment to excellent customer service, providing internal and external customers with information or assistance in resolving problems. Excellent phone skills. Critical Thinking: Uses logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to claims. Information Retention: Strong retention of policy and protocol. Ability to absorb complex information (i.e., the law) and apply knowledge of rules, regulations and processes effectively. Complex Problem Solving: Identifies complex problems and reviews related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions for claimants. Attention to Detail: Work is accurate and requires little or no checking; maintains a checklist, schedule, calendar, etc to ensure that small details are not overlooked. Required Skills: Technical Skills: This position requires strong math, computer, and typing skills, including experience with Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and the ability to navigate between several different software programs. Interpersonal Skills: Builds and maintains positive relationships; interacts with people in a friendly, open, honest manner; models a commitment to teamwork; demonstrates respect for the opinions of others; and maintains high level of confidentiality. Ability to understand diverse perspectives, manage conflict and respond appropriately in a variety of conversations. Communication Skills: Expresses information and ideas clearly and accurately; speaks clearly; responds well to questions; participates in meetings; creates written correspondence and reports that are clear and easy to follow. Writing: Communicates effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Structure: Ability to work well in a structured work environment with a fixed schedule. Conditions of Employment: Must be a Colorado resident at time of application. As a condition of employment, you must successfully pass a background check (both criminal and unemployment insurance benefit overpayments). APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Supplemental Information ADAAA Accommodations: Any person with a disability as defined by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA) may be provided a reasonable accommodation upon request to enable the person to complete an employment assessment. To request an accommodation, please contact Human Resources at (303) 318-8200 or cdle_hr_group@state.co.us at least five business days before the assessment date to allow us to evaluate your request and prepare for the accommodation. You may be asked to provide additional information, including medical documentation, regarding Minimum Qualification Screening A Human Resources Analyst will only review the work experience/job duties sections of the online job application to determine whether you meet the minimum qualifications for the position for which you are applying. Cover letters and resumes WILL NOT be accepted in lieu of the official State of Colorado online application, but may be attached. Part-time work experience will be prorated. Applicants must meet the minimum qualifications to continue in the selection process for this position. Work experience and qualifications must be specifically documented on your online application. Do not use \"see resume\" or \"see attached\" statements on your application. Resumes WILL NOT be reviewed for minimum qualification screening. Comparative Analysis Process \u2013 Testing After minimum qualification screening, the comparative analysis process for this position will involve the following tests: Computer Skills (Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, basic computer operations) Critical Thinking (deductive reasoning, problem solving, grammar) Supplemental Questions Answer the supplemental questions on the application completely and thoughtfully. Your answers may be rated based on your writing ability (spelling, grammar, and clarity of your writing) as well as the content of your answer. Transcripts Required If you are using a college degree or college semester hours to qualify for this position, an unofficial copy of transcripts will be required at time of hire. If possible, please upload your transcripts with your application materials to avoid any delays in the hiring process. NOTE: To ensure receipt of notifications regarding this job posting, please add the following email address to your contacts or safe senders list: info@governmentjobs.com Show full job description Apply Now Stay Connected Contact Us SimplyHired Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Job Tools Local Jobs Salary Estimator Post Jobs Free Resume Builder Browse All Jobs All Salaries All Cities All Companies Guides Resumes Cover Letters Interviews Careers Take your job search wherever you go. United States United StatesCanada ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiëBrasilDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaIrelandItaliaMéxicoNederlandÖsterreichPortugalSchweizSouth AfricaSverigeUnited KingdomРоссия한국中国日本 © 2020 SH Inc. | Privacy | Terms | Privacy Center | Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
}