{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=zPeOVSGfBbl4lsSOHNtP4jpOzh40gJ3pxgdutA0ZWmJgUOi2lDJIe6LsNVOPHA5s85XGbp5vbiHTo_yCLIZkoL-gX3qhOUzxeJ_7MCNuRQ5Fpf9inX4FLKKKmw8jhpm3XgziBqkK6x7ZcD3QGCX3RV01qaxfvkDwl-FCBEau_j59ad70lLmbYu4aYe3oAP6m8G4",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imggSsgpxhcHM0mP-DKtprPQOBFqFF0xEpER1eDdKpCCMpjmK1-DXYbVGxZPTxItz_cvSEhMZDn-T7aJk6x1Eu0dC3u_4KBD6saPAxPagjmGu_S1q_8JCzWpJsSCnrOjDg_1ESOq9RIaff3p7poSI0RNVZ1HqQ",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Youth Services Specialist I - Lookout Mountain - State of Colorado Job Opportunities | Golden, CO",
    "Hash": "FD532ABB0D8697DF91429926AC329D31",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/GeJA3z-ss5YjFjOukhGwz9RdFMnLYYj2eDa6xpo3uCVte1oXQsT0Wg",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Youth Services Specialist I - Lookout Mountain State of Colorado Job Opportunities - 3.4 Golden, CO Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$3,600 - $5,300 a month5 days ago Qualifications Interviewing Mentoring Teaching Driver's License Certified Court Reporter High School Diploma or GED Full Job Description Department Information The eligible list can be used for both Full Time and Part Time Openings The eligible list can be used to fill YSSI's at different locations on the Lookout campus. About the Division of Youth Services: The mission of the Division of Youth Services (DYS) is to protect, restore and improve public safety utilizing a continuum of care that provides effective supervision, promotes accountability to victims and communities, and helps youth lead constructive lives through positive youth development. The strategic goal of DYS is to operate healthy trauma-responsive organizational environments as demonstrated through prosocial, safe, and non-violent interactions. DYS provides a continuum of services that encompass juvenile detention, assessment, commitment and parole. DYS is the agency statutorily mandated to provide for the care and supervision of youth committed by the District Court to the custody of the Colorado Department of Human Services. The Division operates ten secure facilities that serve youth between the ages of 10 and 21, who are pre-adjudicated, sentenced, or committed. For pre-adjudicated youth, the Division is also responsible for the management and oversight of the Colorado Youth Detention Continuum; a State-funded, locally administered program that provides services to youth at risk of further progressing into the juvenile justice system. In addition to residential programming, the Division administers juvenile parole services throughout the State. We have many opportunities within DYS to positively impact youth and families. We invite you to explore the DYS website and learn about the services provided to youth, families, and local communities in the State of Colorado at: www.colorado.gov/cdhs/dys. There are numerous opportunities within DYS to positively impact youth and families and we welcome you to join our team. *** Reminder: This job announcement will serve as an application pool for available positions that now exist or may exist in the future. *** CDHS Culture & Environment We believe in a people-first approach: To serve the people of Colorado, we develop a culture and work environment that creates an energized, inspired, and healthy team capable of giving their best to Coloradans. Balance creates quality of life: We want our team to be resilient through a supportive workplace that values flexibility, health and wellness, and employee engagement. We hold ourselves accountable: We take responsibility through our actions, programs, and results for the state of health and human services in Colorado. Transparency matters: We are open and honest with employees, our partners, the Coloradans we serve, and the public. We are ethical: We abide by what is best for those we serve by doing what is right, not what is easy. Collaboration helps us rise together: We work together with all partners, employees, and clients to achieve the best outcomes for Coloradans. Description of Job Positions create a trauma responsive milieu which encompasses ensuring physical, psychological, social and moral safety. Develop and maintain professional relationships with youth in an effort to support them in their program. Coach and mentor youth within the behavior management program and role model pro-social behavior. Use DYS Behavior Expectations, positive reinforcement, group processes, teaching of skills and other interventions to shape behavior change. Reinforce use of safe practices including methods of supervision and structure that maintain a non-violent milieu. Supervise groups of youth in daily structured programming to include recreation, leisure activities and special events. Facilitate psychoeducation, skill development and other youth groups. Support use of safety and self-care plans. Support youth and groups of youth, while in care. Support treatment and case plan goals and objectives (for committed youth). Provide supervision and support of community transition/reintegration opportunities for youth. Provide immediate intervention in individual and group crisis situations. Use non-escalation and de-escalation and, in emergencies, use approved physical response techniques when all other interventions have failed. Teach and enforce established DYS rules, policies, and procedures. Conduct searches of individuals and rooms for contraband items and inspect the safety of doors, windows, and grounds. Utilize computer software to document incident reports and other activities when required. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights *** Please read the entire job announcement and follow all of the instructions prior to completing the application. You must provide documentation to be given credit for it. There will be no exceptions on timelines to provide documentation. All documentation must be uploaded- this is the first evaluation in the selection process*** Note: Applications will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification for the position. If it is determined that you meet the minimum qualifications, your application will also be used as part of the examination process. You should ensure that your application specifically addresses the requirements as listed in the minimum and preferred qualifications, as well as the job duties and the highly desired competencies. Take the time to adequately address your specialized experience, work products, and accomplishments as they relate to the position. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education and Experience: High school diploma or General Education Diploma, (GED). Substitutions: None These positions are not sedentary positions. Employees are typically on their feet during the entire shift. Youth living quarters are located on multiple levels and employees must frequently climb stairs in the performance of job duties. Please take into account your physical ability in relation to the essential job duties when applying for job. Employees must also be willing and able to physically intervene with assaultive youth. Preferred Qualifications: College education in a behavioral health and or juvenile justice related field. Experience working with adjudicated and/or detained youth within a secure residential facility and/or a behavioral health setting; Experience facilitating psychoeducational groups; Education/experience working with adolescents who have trauma; Experience working with youth in positive leadership roles, such as mentoring and coaching. Experience utilizing verbal de-escalation and motivational techniques. Highly Desirable Competencies: Bilingual Work Environment: Employees are required to work shift hours. This includes evening, night, weekend and holidays. Shifts may vary between agencies and may include eight (8) hours, ten (10) hours, or twelve (12) hours in duration. Mandatory overtime may be required. Day shift work is not usually available. As a YSSI, your position is considered essential and you may be required to report to work during inclement weather. Conditions of Employment: Be a minimum of 21 years of age, with no felony convictions or history of domestic violence Possess and maintain a valid State of Colorado driver's license Pass CBI and FBI background investigations, as well as a drug screen as a condition of employment Former State employees who were disciplinarily terminated or resigned in lieu of termination must disclose the information on the application and provide an explanation why the prior termination or resignation should not disqualify the applicant from the current position. Absent extraordinary circumstances, prior disciplinary termination or resignation in lieu of termination will disqualify the applicant from future State employment with CDHS. Included in the background investigation is a current/previous employer check. Your current and previous employers within the last 10 years must be listed on your application even if the job duties are unrelated to Correctional Youth Security Officer I position. Incomplete employer information (address, phone, supervisor name) or omission of former employers may result in application disqualification. Continued employment is contingent upon successful completion of the DYS Pre-service Training Academy, Field Training Program (FTO) and mandatory annual training in all subject areas. APPEAL RIGHTS: If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination. Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging. Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb. A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination. Supplemental Information For Recruiting questions, please contact andrewj.ross@state.co.us Supplemental Information: After submitting an application, you should receive an immediate email acknowledging your submission. If you do not get the email, please check to ensure you have actually submitted the application and typed the correct email address on the application. Include a working email address on your application; one that is checked often as time sensitive correspondence WILL take place via email. You may receive email notifications from a Colorado Department of Human Services employee or from this email address info@governmentjobs.com It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email; if you do not receive correspondence soon after the closing date, please contact the \"Department Contact\" listed in this announcement. The Assessment Process: Colorado Revised Statutes require that state employees are hired and promoted through a comparative analysis. The comparative analysis for this position will include a review of your application material and your responses to any supplemental questions. Applications and responses will be reviewed by a Subject Matter Expert (SME) to assess and rank applicants in order to establish an eligible list for referral to the hiring manager for final consideration. Be sure the \"Work Experience\" section of your application is complete and specifically addresses your qualifications, experience, and accomplishments as they relate to the Description of the Job, Minimum Qualifications, Required Competencies and Preferred Qualifications as listed above. Resumes and \"see resume\" statements will not be accepted in lieu of the \"Work Experience\" section of the application. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions by the closing date may result in your application not being accepted and/or may affect your score, rank or inclusion in the final pool of eligible applicants. SCHEDULED DATES of INTERVIEWS WILL NOT BE MADE UP. IF YOU FAIL TO SHOW AT THE APPOINTED DATE/TIME, MAKE-UPS WILL NOT BE ALLOWED. Note: Transfers, voluntary demotions and reinstatements are required to apply and participate in the selection process. The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. ADAAA Accommodations: CDHS is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Nancy Schmelzer, at cdhs_ada@state.co.us or call 1-800-929-0791. HOW TO APPLY: Thank you for your interest. Submit an on-line application by clicking the link below or submit a State of Colorado Application for Announced Vacancy and all supplemental questions according to the instructions provided below. Failure to submit a complete and timely application may result in the rejection of your application. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that application materials are received by the appropriate Human Resources office before the closing date and time listed above. IF NOT APPLYING ON-LINE, SUBMIT APPLICATION TO: Only online applications will be accepted. DEPARTMENT CONTACT INFORMATION: andrewj.ross@state.co.us METHODS OF APPOINTMENT: Appointment to the vacancy or vacancies represented by this announcement is expected to be from the eligible list created. However, at the discretion of the appointing authority, the position(s) may be filled by another method of appointment for a valid articulated business reason. ",
    "Location": "Golden, Colorado, United States",
    "CompanyName": "DYS",
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "PostedDate": "5 days ago"
}
