{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search?q=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://employer.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://hr.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.at/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.be/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ca/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ch/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.cn/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/companies",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/career",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/cover-letter",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/hris",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/job-descriptions",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/local-jobs",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/out?r=niDqB9j5xhPmI9BgtD2IY5XiVJEuILPAA1KGzxWd4awgXYHk-t19moErDwdadKzeJR_3La__PpRB8bGY9msVuXWBxvyOv3yskwDFO_wdmEMYl7z_fRRoKDX5oeM79soRCIEyARnRBWqzxeG9pvPJrLh77fN5s5gsUfM_Chg28x0xBqrDrj08vIqOZLJzaE6qsys",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/post-jobs-free",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/salaries",
        "https://www.simplyhired.com/serp/imgqvFyD_9cwKxL2PfHXmJYdxCuYCUyWGbslpYpCDSPaFLeW6OgAuFsIhR2WGZWGHqOG-6LKDNmnYNpe_m9HdhKUFB4GfeXmpXf3-jql5KRlTgXlpPGZgw7IpEQOPFAEQ9EXRQriGoM6S-DddaER0j0WWRc6kw",
        "https://www.simplyhired.de/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.es/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.fr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ie/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.jp/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.kr/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.mx/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.nl/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.pt/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.ru/",
        "https://www.simplyhired.se/",
        "https://za.simplyhired.com/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.simplyhired.com/search/Technology-Infrastructure-and-Security-Occupations/category/0d1236f4-d5eb-4b82-80d8-ee77dad6df5e",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Security Specialist (Information) - US Department of the Army | Fort Stewart, GA",
    "Hash": "FE83A5AA06A7A50C099811B66FAEB9BC",
    "Url": "https://www.simplyhired.com/job/fPFXuv2qT2Hqf001eKuIiMq07zlNZ-klutAO0p_LUQHULlfU_b-d6Q?q",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "simplyhired",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Security Specialist (Information) US Department of the Army - 4.3 Fort Stewart, GA Apply Now Job Details Full-time | Part-time$77,000 - $100,000 a year Benefits Health Insurance Loan Repayment Program Qualifications Military Experience Special Education Certification Full Job Description Duties Summary About the Position: This position is in the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). Employees occupying DCIPS positions are in the Excepted Service and must adhere to U.S. Code, Title 10, as well as Department of Defense Instruction 1400.25. This position is located at HQ, Communications Electronics Command, Integrated Logistics Support Center Communications Security Logistics Activity Cryptographic Key Division (RHF), Fort Stewart, GA. Responsibilities Serves as CSLAs primary field representative to provide technical assistance and guidance on Communications Security (COMSEC) accounting and security requirements, and Information Systems Security Program support. Performs COMSEC functions as well as Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) planning and the development of security requirements for new or modified/improved information Assurance (IA) equipment and systems. Serves as a Security Specialist (Information) and Communications Security Logistics Activity (CSLA) Information Assurance Representative (CIR). Applies knowledge of Department of Army logistics concepts and ILS requirements to assist supported Commanders to develop appropriate procedures and practices and incorporate necessary logistics requirements. Participates in reviews and assesses the impact of JCS, DISA, HQDA, and/or other MILDEP operational system plans on supported units. Advises Army Commanders, Command Inspectors, COMSEC Custodians, and COMSEC Hand Receipt Holders on COMSEC policy. Travel Required 50% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 0080 Security Administration Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation. Two year trial/probationary period may be required. This position requires a medical examination, immunization screening, and Occupational Health Certification for travel. Will be required to perform TDY travel within and outside the continental United States 50% of the time to include potentially high-threat, hostile OCONUS environments. This position requires a Mobility Agreement. In accordance with Change 3 to AR 600-85, Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Program, incumbent must successfully pass a urinalysis screening for illegal drug use prior to appointment and periodically thereafter. Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret security clearance based on a single-scope background investigation (SSBI) with eligibility for sensitive compartmented information (SCI). This position requires the incumbent obtain the following core SPeD Certification: Security Fundamentals Professional Certification (SFPC) within their first 2 years of employment. Qualifications Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities. 10-Point Other Veterans? Rating 30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans 5-Point Veterans' Preference Current Army Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) Employee Current Department of Army Civilian Employees Current DoD Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) Employee (non-Army) Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army) Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) Interchange Agreement Disabled Veteran w/ a Service-Connected Disability, More than 10%, Less than 30% Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer Prior Federal Service Employee United States Citizen Applying to a DCIPS Position Army DCIPS positions apply Veteran's Preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document. To qualify based on your experience, your resume must describe at least one year of experience which prepared you to do the work in this job. Specialized Experience is defined as experience which includes 1.) monitoring Communications Security (COMSEC) activities such as issuing COMSEC accounts and equipment; AND 2.) applying logistical support policies, procedures, and/or guidance regarding Information Assurance equipment or systems. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the second lower grade/level position in the Federal service (GS/GG-11) Specialized experience is progressively responsible intelligence-related security work directly related to the position being filled. Creditable experience may include previous military experience, experience gained in the private sector or in another government agency as long as it was at a level at least equivalent to the next lower band in the series. You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas: Communications Security Management Information Security Technical Competence Education Some Federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirements using experience alone - no substitution of education for experience is permitted. Additional information Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration. You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship. Direct Deposit of Pay is required. This position has been identified for the Security Professional Education Development(SPeD) Certification Program. This is the Department of Defense (DoD) Security Certification Program directed by DoD Instruction 3305.13. It is approved by the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Manpower and Reserve Affairs for use in the Army via the following memorandum: Memorandum, Assistant Secretary of Army for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, dated 8 September 2015, subject: Security Professional Education Development (SPeD) Certification Program. The SPeD certification is DoD's initiative to professionalize the security workforce by establishing a common set of competencies for security practitioners that promotes interoperability, facilitates professional development and training, and develops a workforce of certified security professionals. This position has been designated as \"Emergency-Essential\". Emergency-Essential designation takes precedence over any transportation agreement or military recall status. In the event of a crisis situation or wartime, the incumbent must continue to perform the duties and requirements of the position to ensure the success of combat operations or to support combat essential systems subsequent to mobilization or an evacuation order. Additional training, medical requirements, and deployment responsibilities may apply to this position. Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret/SCI security clearance. When you perform a Civilian Permanent Change of Station (PCS) with the government, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) considers the majority of your entitlements to be taxable. Visit https://www.gsa.gov/cdnstatic/FTR%20Bulletin%2018_05%20Relocation%20Allowances_0.pdf for more information. Permanent Change of Station (PCS) allowances may be authorized, subject to the provisions of the Joint Travel Regulations and an agency determination that a PCS move is in the Government Interest. Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees. If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet. This is a Career Program (CP) 35 - Security position. TERM: This announcement is for a TERM position. Permanent employees who apply are selected for, and ultimately accept this position will be converted to a TERM appointment. TERM positions in DCIPS may be extended up to 6 years; however, may be extended an additional 2 years with Agency approval. This position may be converted to permanent without further competition after completion of 2 years of continuous service in this position. Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement. Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement. If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application. Hiring Incentives and Student Loan Repayment are NOT authorized. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Sensitive Compartmented Information Drug test required Yes Position sensitivity and risk Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk Trust determination process Required Documents Required Documents WARNING: DO NOT INCLUDE CLASSIFIED INFORMATION IN YOUR APPLICATION PACKET! Application packages that contain Classified information WILL NOT receive consideration for this position. Should you submit a resume or any other document as part of your application package and it is confirmed that any of the information is Classified, in addition to being found ineligible for consideration for this position, your Security Office will be notified to determine if any further action is warranted. The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility. As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. 1. Your resume: Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement. If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy. For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position. For additional information see: What to include in your resume. 2. Other supporting documents: Cover Letter, optional Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration. NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Help This job is open to Federal employees - Competitive service Current or former competitive service federal employees. Federal employees - Excepted service Current excepted service federal employees. The public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Veterans Clarification from the agency See \"Who May Apply\" in the \"Qualifications\" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position. "
}