{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.google.com/search?q=blockchain+jobs",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.google.com/shopping/product/16165379768774001375/reviews?q=blockchain%2Bjobs&ie=UTF-8&liteui=1&prds=rstart%3A4&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiPzIiYqJ7qAhWRsZ4KHdX7A20QqjUIBw"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1",
    "Parent": "https://www.google.com/shopping/product/16165379768774001375?q=blockchain%2Bjobs&ie=UTF-8&liteui=1&prds=epd%3A12929156089240141832%2Coid%3A12929156089240141832&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjD6cHLhp7qAhUDOH0KHfXUCV0QrhIIISgA",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "blockchain+jobs - Google Shopping",
    "Hash": "5FADB1FEEA654E1F1D2E7549E2D78532",
    "Url": "https://www.google.com/shopping/product/16165379768774001375/reviews?q=blockchain%2Bjobs&ie=UTF-8&liteui=1&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj9zLWUkJ7qAhUyPn0KHUMWD5AQ5KECCA8",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-25",
    "DomainId": "google",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "false",
    "Body": "Reviews 4.5 ★★★★★ 602 reviews 5 4 3 2 1 Screen: \u201cThe screen is gorgeous.\u201d Design: \u201cFor my use case this is fantastic.\u201d Features: \u201cExcellent phone love every single feature about fold ..\u201d Battery: \u201cBattery life fairly long.\u201d Finally Something Innovative and Different ★★★★★Aggie99· Review provided by Best Buy · October 10, 2019 I am about a week in using the Galaxy Fold as a daily driver and it has been a delight to use in pretty much every aspect. This device is a game changer on many levels and has me excited about the future of mobile technology. I have had almost every Samsung S series and Note over the last several years and have owned every iPhone except for the 4S and I can confidently say this is the most interesting device I have ever used. The display is obviously the main draw of the Fold. While the front display is very small, it is useful to perform basic smartphone functions. You can make calls, send a short text (I'm using Gboard and swipe typing is good with it on the front screen), do some basic one handed browsing of social media or the web but for most activities you are going to want the screen unfolded to that massive, glorious display. The 7.3\" display is beautiful to look at as is typical with Samsung made displays. It's not quite as crisp and beautiful as the one found in the Note 10+ or iPhone 11 Pro Max devices that I own but to have a crisp 7.3\" display that fits in your pocket definitely gives it an advantage over those. This weekend while on the go with our kids sports and other activities that kept us out of the house I was able to watch college football and the Cowboys game on it. So much better than watching it on my Note 10+, which isn't bad in itself. You will be hard pressed to find a better device for gaming and media consumption unless you go to an iPad or other dedicated tablet and lose the convenience of having the total package the Fold offers. I have played Call of Duty Mobile all week on it and am amazed at the experience. One downside however, despite being very careful per Samsung's recommendations, I have ended up with a few lines in my screen from fingernail presses. With gaming you have to make sure to not get caught up in it and start pressing hard with the edge of your thumbs. It will leave marks in the outer layer of the display. They are only noticeable when the screen is off and under direct light but it is still bothersome knowing your $2k phone has these imperfections once you see them and also knowing you have been very careful with the device. The crease everyone has been mentioning is definitely noticeable in the right light and on a bright white screen but when you are in an app and using the device, especially media or games, the crease tends to disappear. The dual speaker setup is loud and immersive. It sounds great and adds to the media experience. The camera is great as are cameras on most higher end smartphones. I believe the sensor is the same one from the S10 series and it produces great pictures just as my S10+ did before I sold it off to get the Note. No complaints at all and it is a delight to use, however, the night mode results aren't as good as the new iPhone Pro devices, Pixel 3, or Note 10+. Still a great camera and most people will have a hard time finding much to complain about. Battery life has been great through my week of testing. Under heavy use of Call of Duty Mobile, watching media, and typical smartphone tasks it still lasts a full day with around 5-6 hours screen on time. Despite the mostly mediocre \"expert\" reviews I have found myself loving this device. I'm a tech enthusiast and knew what to expect when acquiring it. While I would recommend the Fold to someone considering it, I wouldn't recommend it over the (also great) Note 10+ or iPhone 11 Pro Max to most consumers in its first iteration. Obviously the price, as Flossy Carter says is \"TGH\", there is no water and dust resistance, and the screen is still really delicate and should only be handled by adults who will use caution to take care of it. Despite that, I love my Fold and look forward to seeing how Samsung improves on it with the 2nd gen Fold. The Fold comes with the excellent Samsung Galaxy Buds (normally $~129) which is great. Not so great is that it only supports and ships with a 15W charger compared to the Note10+ which ships with a 25W charger and supports charging at 45W. Great phone - demonstrates the evolution of tech ★★★★★mjames· Review provided by Best Buy · October 22, 2019 I've had the Galaxy Fold for two weeks now and have really enjoyed using a true all-in-one device that can be both a phone and a tablet. Professional reviewers have written about the device being fragile, but I think many are overreacting due to the initial samples back in the Spring. This phone has a very solid build quality. It has some weight to it, but that makes it feel sturdy and well constructed. If you've seen the iFixit teardown, Samsung implemented a large number of under the hood changes to strengthen the device and the inner screen. Yes, the inner screen is a plastic material, and you could scratch it if you rubbed sand on it or dug your fingernail into it, but why would you do that? The screen handles normal use just fine and looks beautiful like all of Samsung's AMOLED screens. There is no dust or water resistance, so be careful around water sources, but the majority of phones have only had IP ratings over the past few years anyway. Depending on how light reflects off of it, you can see the crease, and you can feel it with your finger, but it responds perfectly to touches and swipes. When looking straight on with content on the screen, you don't notice the crease at all. The aspect ratio of the inner screen is great for displaying web pages, reading books or magazines, for viewing productivity apps, and for playing games. It creates an immersive experience, even with the notch, which I barely notice anymore. Video content will have black bars, but it looks fantastic. Pull up some HDR content from YouTube or Netflix and the colors really pop. I was initially concerned about the size of the outer screen, but I've grown to like it quite a bit. It is a great one-handled screen to quickly scroll through emails, web pages, and social media feeds. You can adjust the font size slightly to make the text a little easier to read. The keyboard on the outer screen is cramped, but with some practice it works well, and swiping across the keys works well. Overall, I am very happy with the purchase of this phone. It is something different than current phone designs which are all basically the same. I'm sure Samsung will iterate on the design and make it even better, but this device shows what can be done with a folding design. If you have any interest, don't hesitate to pick one up a try it out. Set Your Expectations ★★★★★realdrkim· Review provided by Best Buy · October 14, 2019 At the time of this writing, I've been using this product for about a week and a half now, and it probably is the most practical or useful product I've used. It is not the \"best\" or \"most amazing\". It fulfills the needs of having a phone and tablet at the same time, whenever and wherever I need it. I acknowledged the risks before purchase, and I was able to enjoy the features without much worrying. Think of it as a foldable mini iPad with minimalist bezels, that turns into a candybar-esque phone with an iPhone 4S screen when closed. Reading or viewing content on the larger, inner display is a delight. It's still AMOLED, and with Samsung's vivid color mode enabled, it makes you appreciate the form factor / screen even more. Playing games is fun too, and with a folding hinge it's almost like a Nintendo DS in some cases. Speaking of cases, it comes with the Aramid Fiber one in the box, which supposedly does nothing for drops, but will protect against scratches or scuffs. Admittedly, I did drop the phone from waist height unto a hard carpeted surface (ONCE!) but I haven't noticed any damage or issues. Maybe it does help? The 'phone' doesn't have any IP Ratings either, so I have been more cautious, but daily activities don't seem to cause any issues so far. In regards to the crease, I really can't notice it. I mean, yes, I notice it when I am looking at the screen from an unhumanly angle or trying to show someone else the phone. When looking at it in typical indoor lighting, dead-on like a normal human, or even when viewing certain content (even from an angle) the crease suddenly... disappears from sight. It's really weird knowing that the crease is supposed to be there, even when you've seen it so many times in youtube videos, but it just goes away. Hard to explain until you've used the phone yourself. Everyone I've shown or let handle the device so far has said the same thing. Can faintly feel, but when using it and looking at it like you would any other device, the crease becomes less noticeable or goes away from sight. To this date, whipping out the phone in public or office spaces garners much surprise and many hilariously shocked reactions from my obvious, intentional flexing (pun intended). #myphonedoesntbreakwhenfolded Top New Tech of 2019 ★★★★★Tomsdiner39· Review provided by Best Buy · October 9, 2019 To give you a little history on me, I have been a Samsung user from my first smart phone, the Samsung S3, which I quickly upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 that fall. From that day I have upgraded every year to the new Note series phone, up to the current Note 10 Plus which I now own. New tech is my downfall, I\u2019m the gotta have type guy. I have been watching the Galaxy Fold come to life for what seemed like years to actually launching. Maybe a rough start, but it was all for the better of the product. So even after saying I would wait for the next generation, I could not resist and purchased the new Fold a few days ago and I have to tell you I\u2019m blown away. This phone is the most awesome new tech on the market today and is a game changer for the cell phone industry. The build is solid and feels top quality and beautiful design. The inner screen although plastic, feels like glass when using and works perfectly. The crease down the middle is only noticeable when looking at an angle and I do not notice it while using the phone. Screen is big and work well, watching Youtube to Netflix and beyond is incredible. Opening pdf\u2019s and work files is awesome. Camera is fantastic and I believe to be the same as the Note 10 plus with all the features. Plenty of storage at 512GB and with 12 GB ram the phone runs fast and smooth even with multiple apps running. Multitasking is a pleasure, read the news while playing a video and texting all at the same time on one screen. Finger print sensor is on the side of the case so it can be used in both closed and open mode and works very well. Samsung pay only works from the small screen which I hope there is an update for. I would like to see that feature from the big screen also. ( so far the only downfall, but not a deal breaker). One Note, this is not a phone to give to a child to play with, this phone is for responsible adults that can take of their tech. It is a plastic inner screen and can be damaged pretty easily, poking with a pen, sharp fingernails, coins or metal objects would be an absolute no-no and would definitely damage the screen. Right now Samsung is offering Premier service with the purchase of the phone which I believe is a one up for Samsung. They are also offering to replace the screen (one time) within the first year if damaged for $149, which is also a plus. I think Samsung realizes this is new to the market and users are going to have to get familiar with this new tech and stepped up to help us out with premium service. I highly recommend this phone, remember when you purchase new technology you adding to the popularity and will insure that the manufacturer will continue to improve on future generations and YOUR involvement and input will help with that development. I\u2019m a Best Buy consumer and not a Samsung employee. Showing results 1\u20134 of 602 Next >"
}