{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Principal Technical Artist",
    "Hash": "341FB7F7BE6031F3DE955A6DF22DA774",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/5f5e779b-f566-482c-af2c-dcd1c2155953",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Principal Technical Artist Vancouver, BC or Remote Are you an innovative and agile Technical Artist, passionate about advancing gameplay? We are looking for someone who can take the lead in shaping the way revolutionary games built on Flow\u2014a new blockchain Dapper Labs has developed specifically for mainstream consumer experiences\u2014is introduced to and adopted by new audiences. You will have the opportunity to bring NBA Top Shot, the first officially-licensed digital collectibles, to market by improving and optimizing our current render pipelines and defining the technology for future scalability. You will also develop the entire pipeline for asset creation and rendering for CryptoKitties, the most popular non-financial app on the blockchain, bringing everyone\u2019s favourite digital Kitty to an even wider audience. As the Principal Technical Artist, you will be proficient at defining and implementing asset creation pipelines, defining tech stack used for development, and managing external assets as well as coordinating with external production teams. You will be responsible for research, innovation, and the technical quality of production. You must enjoy working at the cutting-edge of what is technically possible, be able to implement solutions and disseminate knowledge to peers, and solve end-to-end problems through demonstrated expertise in Unity and Adobe Suite. Every day, you\u2019ll collaborate with a world-class team to defy the limits of what audiences can expect from digital assets.  What You\u2019ll Accomplish Here: Introduce efficient, best-in-class production tools and processes to drive NBA Top Shot & CryptoKitties forward  Ensure the technical quality of Dapper Labs\u2019 cutting-edge games  Oversee the process of asset creation, managing art pipelines  Train graphic team members on the tools and techniques required for implementation Help define tech stack for 3D and 2D assets production; balance quality, cost and speed for best implementation according to current product goals Propose and spec out tools for asset production scaling and optimization (capacity to create automation processes is a plus) Produce a technical reference and/or technical constraints document, keep it current and communicate it so that the team can refer to it when required Assure the homogeneity of the technical quality throughout games at Dapper Labs Our Ideal Candidate: Expert in the technical art field, with main responsibilities including art production workflows, tools, pipelines, asset optimization, visual scripting/logic (schematics) and shader development 5+ years experience in 3D real-time graphics and video game development Expert knowledge of 2D (Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator/After Effects) and 3D art packages (Maya/3DsMax) Experience working on both web and mobile platforms Effective at communicating with different audiences: artists, engineers, and managers Skills: Experience in game development Experience with Unity, including deep technical knowledge of its capacities and limitations Knowledge of 2D and 3D graphic software (Adobe/Maya/3DsMax) Knowledge of animation pipelines Knowledge of an asset management system Experience writing shaders for real-time rendering *Experience in developing real-time 3D web content as a plus* About Us: Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others. CryptoKitties is the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges. Dapper team members are humble and curious entrepreneurs, builders, and tinkerers who share a passion to demystify blockchain technology and tap its potential to create change in the world. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse crew flourishes in a distributed hierarchy where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else: regardless of where you came from, what you studied, or who you used to work for, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. Everyone here is a founder, and no one fits in a box. We\u2019re all driven by an insatiable thirst for learning and development, and that\u2019s what brings us together. More about Dapper Labs: At Dapper Labs we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}