{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "terraform",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Site Reliability Engineer",
    "Hash": "8801E33B7CCB8012B7DC605C903CEF1C",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/148050c4-67ea-4e05-809e-13f3550814d7",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Site Reliability Engineer Vancouver, BC We\u2019re looking for an experienced Site Reliability Engineer to join our SRE team at the technical core of an organization that\u2019s completely reshaping how distributed applications on blockchains can reach massive audiences.  We depend on SRE's ability to both architect, build, and iterate on resilient, scalable systems, and also to guide the rest of the engineering team.  You\u2019ll join our highly motivated team and help us launch reliable products and services with your experience and skills.  You\u2019ll play a key role in improving our in-house systems and you\u2019ll work closely with Engineering as a whole to research and apply the latest and greatest technology to our stack. You\u2019ll be empowered to fully apply your experience, lessons learned, and leadership skills in an environment with little tech debt, no on-prem servers, and a strong foundation based on GKE. Every day, you\u2019ll collaborate with a world-class team in our Vancouver office. Every one of us shares a common vision: to create the future we want to live in. We need the right people to help us realize that vision. What we\u2019ll accomplish together: Develop effective infrastructure for our projects to deploy onto, ensuring projects are scalable, resilient, and reliable in support of growing products. Iterate on processes to improve our ability to ship fast while maintaining high quality systems that we can depend on. Enhance tools and automation to fill the gaps in our current systems as well as build entirely new ones as we face bigger and more complex challenges. Respond to infrastructure incidents and support the larger Engineering team with their product incident response strategy.  Perform postmortems and in-depth root cause analysis to ensure we are always improving. A little about you: You have experience working with orchestrations systems like Kubernetes. You have experience collecting and processing metrics from tools such as Prometheus/Datadog/NewRelic, and can walk teams through setting up SLO and SLI targets. You have experience building and working on deployment systems. You are comfortable with responding to production incidents and can fight fires with a calm and level head, leveraging post mortems to apply lessons learned. You have experience coding and developing applications. Bonus points for Go experience. You have experience working with Infrastructure as Code systems like Terraform or CloudFormation. You are comfortable diving into an unfamiliar system and finding your way around. You have a strong ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and build solid working relationships with everyone in the organization, from individual contributors to the CEO. While you believe in processes and the power of planning, you understand that you will often have to roll with the punches and prioritize the most impactful tasks on the fly. A little about us: Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others. CryptoKitties is the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges. Dapper team members are humble and curious entrepreneurs, builders, and tinkerers who share a passion to demystify blockchain technology and tap its potential to create change in the world. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse crew flourishes in a distributed hierarchy where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else: regardless of where you came from, what you studied, or who you used to work for, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. Everyone here is a founder, and no one fits in a box. We\u2019re all driven by an insatiable thirst for learning and development, and that\u2019s what brings us together. More about Dapper Labs: At Dapper Labs we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}