{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "General Application",
    "Hash": "AC3702A7D367EF5D8E5FF58AC2282CB4",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/ab62739c-4a4b-4a23-958f-094ba911a3b7",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions General Application Vancouver, BC If you think you have what it takes to bring blockchain to the mainstream, we want to hear from you! Apply below and provide us with your own job description. Please include your resume, social media links, Github, and anything else you think we should see. By applying to work on Flow, you will contribute to the mission of supporting all developers to compose applications that enable new possibilities for billions of consumers around the world. A little about us: Flow is the blockchain for builders. Created by Dapper Labs, the team behind CryptoKitties, Flow will be the foundation for the next generation of decentralized applications with notable partners including Warner Music Group, Ubisoft, and Animoca. The Flow team is a humble and curious bunch of builders and scientists who share a passion for blockchain technology and the new kinds of software it enables. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse team flourishes in an environment where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else; regardless of where you came from or what you studied, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. What we'll accomplish together: Build an innovative blockchain as the foundation for an entire ecosystem of consumer applications, starting with games, collectibles, and the apps that interact with them Defy accepted wisdom on the scalability of blockchain platforms Design, develop, and deploy new solutions for performance optimization, latency, availability, and security Apply cutting-edge research and new developments in adjacent fields to daily work Ensure that our work is ethical and values-driven to create a positive impact on the world A little about you: Ability to deal with ambiguity and communicate well with both technical and non-technical teams Understanding of blockchain technology, especially Ethereum Exemplary communication skills Proven skills as a team lead and team player Ability to define, create, and complete a task without a great deal of guidance. Ability to be creative and innovative, and work well independently and as a team player in a fast-paced consulting environment Bonus: Previous work contributing to an open-source blockchain application More about Flow: At Flow we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}