{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "dapps",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Senior Smart Contract Engineer (Resource-Oriented Programming)",
    "Hash": "8FA9CA3B736444CECDF2F6FD8F366483",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/e5e85f2f-ecc3-467e-8621-34fd9ee9cccc",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Senior Smart Contract Engineer (Resource-Oriented Programming) Vancouver, BC How\u2019d you like to join the team that created the most famous smart contract of all time? Dapper Labs, the creators of CryptoKitties, is looking for a full-time Smart Contract Engineer to help define the next generation of smart contract excellence. You\u2019ll work directly with the team defining the Cadence smart contract programming language, and contribute directly to the dapps that will bring blockchain into the mainstream. The projects in our pipeline range from the low-level \u201cservice contracts\u201d that manage Flow\u2019s proof-of-stake bonding mechanisms, all the way up to defi \u201cbuilding blocks\u201d like DEXs and consumer-facing software like NBA Top Shot and CryptoKitties 2.0. You must have an open mind, a collaborative spirit, and a willingness to question the status quo whenever it gets in the way of a better world. All of us at Dapper Labs share a common vision: to create the future we want to live in. We need more people like you to help us realize that vision. A little about us: Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties and Flow. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others. CryptoKitties is the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges, and Flow is a new blockchain designed from the ground up to support high-throughput consumer dapps like the upcoming NBA Top Shot. Dapper team members are humble and curious entrepreneurs, builders, and tinkerers who share a passion to demystify blockchain technology and tap its potential to create change in the world. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse crew flourishes in a distributed hierarchy where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else: regardless of where you came from, what you studied, or who you used to work for, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. Everyone here is a founder, and no one fits in a box. We\u2019re all driven by an insatiable thirst for learning and development, and that\u2019s what brings us together. A little about you: Appreciate the power and limitations of immutable smart contract code. Believe that the readability of code is a critical part of the blockchain user experience. Contribute and enforce best practices throughout the development process. Comfortable trying out new tools, failing fast, and handling \u201cunknown unknowns\u201d. Adamant about automated testing, with expansive coverage. Energized by the challenge and opportunity of working with new languages and programming paradigms. Bonus points if you have the following: Developed a widely-used smart contract. A working understanding of one or more of Solidity, Rust, Move, or Cadence. Significant contributions or leadership of an open source project. More about Flow: At Flow we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}