{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Compiler Engineer",
    "Hash": "5642553A72DBB19FAC962C4C5D850CCB",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/095cb6ac-b7d3-4c87-857a-7c1c1c1adbfc",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Compiler Engineer Vancouver, BC or Remote We're looking for a creative Compiler Engineer to partner in the design and implementation of Cadence, a new smart contract programming language being introduced as part of the Flow blockchain. Cadence is designed around \u201cresource-oriented programming\u201d, a new programming model that pairs linear types with object capabilities to create a secure and declarative model for digital ownership. You will help shape the future of Cadence and will be involved with all aspects of the language, taking language features from conception to implementation. You will be responsible for understanding the interaction between the language implementation, the on-chain execution environment, and the core protocol, helping with a variety of tools to facilitate development in this exciting new programming language. A little about us: Flow is the blockchain for builders. Created by Dapper Labs, the team behind CryptoKitties, Flow will be the foundation for the next generation of decentralized applications with notable partners including Warner Music Group, Ubisoft, and Animoca. The Flow team is a humble and curious bunch of builders and scientists who share a passion for blockchain technology and the new kinds of software it enables. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse team flourishes in an environment where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else; regardless of where you came from or what you studied, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. A little about you: You have practical experience with the design and implementation of compilers including parsing, semantic analysis, type checking, optimization, and code generation. You have a diverse exposure to different programming languages and programming paradigms. You are capable of applying your skills across a variety of use cases; inflexible specialists need not apply. You understand the power of planning, but you are comfortable improvising and can prioritize the most impactful tasks on the fly. You are adamant about test coverage. You have experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Go, Rust, C/C++, Swift, Python. Bonus points if you have the following: Experience with blockchain technologies. Familiar with at least one of the functional programming languages: Haskell, OCaml, Clojure, Lisp, etc. Experience with smart contract languages, e.g. Solidity. Experience working on open-source software projects. More about Flow: At Flow we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}