{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Customer Experience Representative",
    "Hash": "0FE3A6ACCE08C69FC283B09980CEC1D4",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/7ded4d15-da03-4cf8-8c02-8a4a3f8ad9e6",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Customer Experience Representative Vancouver, BC or Remote Dapper Labs is looking for a driven individual to join our Customer Experience team to help support our growing community through our bleeding-edge products. With your help, we hope to build a strong community around our suite of products to bring the benefits of blockchain to the masses! The ideal candidate has a deep understanding of what is required to educate and scale online communities. This requires a high level of engagement, adaptability and the confidence to move quickly. You possess a natural curiosity for complex issues and don\u2019t shy away from digging into the weeds to find the best solution for both our community and for our internal teams. You\u2019re passionate about new tech and aren\u2019t afraid to mix it up with a wide audience of tech-newbies, developers and a mainstream audience. Your previous experience in the field will also help us determine which tools and support channels will help the team succeed. The opportunity and freedom to come up with fun and creative ways to educate and engage with a highly engaged community should be very exciting to you.  You can also flex your high-level communication skills to take learnings back to stakeholders and empower our product teams to improve the overall product experience. Strong communication will be key as you\u2019re not looking for a traditional customer support role\u2013you\u2019re looking to learn, grow, and scale a new community around a first of it kind technology. What we'll accomplish together: Given our global audience, you must be comfortable with the idea of a flexible schedule to ensure our community is properly served. Namely, this includes working some weekends and holidays on a rotating basis. With your expert knowledge of both traditional customer service and community engagement, we will field support requests from not only a mainstream audience, but developers, technology enthusiasts and hobbyists. We will champion the user\u2019s voice across the company to ensure no issues or feedback fall through the cracks. We will follow, review, and work cross-functionally with other disciplines to test new product developments to stay several steps ahead of potential support issues. Perform routine retros to identify trending issues to correct usability snags (and other surprises). Hone our help documentation and internal processes with the objective of lightening the support load so our community can enjoy our experiences issue free. A bit about you: You\u2019ve worked in customer success for 2-3 years and have experience either working directly with online communities or in a leadership capacity. Your writing is clear, concise, empathetic and 99.9999% of the time typo-free. Your communication skills are impeccable. Full stop. You are able to retain an enormous, ever-changing set of specific details, and live for the little blast of dopamine that comes from connecting the pieces. Extra credit: you\u2019re already highly engaged in the NBA community, previously worked in new-tech, already have knowledge of the crypto-space and may even own some cryptocurrency yourself! A little about us: Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others. CryptoKitties is the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges. Dapper team members are humble and curious entrepreneurs, builders, and tinkerers who share a passion to demystify blockchain technology and tap its potential to create change in the world. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse crew flourishes in a distributed hierarchy where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else: regardless of where you came from, what you studied, or who you used to work for, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. Everyone here is a founder, and no one fits in a box. We\u2019re all driven by an insatiable thirst for learning and development, and that\u2019s what brings us together. More about Dapper Labs: At Dapper Labs we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}