{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "dapps",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Staff / Lead Backend Engineer (Golang)",
    "Hash": "676B796C866AB71BE38FDFA96A60E7CB",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/e78894ea-3742-40ce-b6b7-1ee018f76f2d",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Staff / Lead Backend Engineer (Golang) Vancouver, BC What does success look like for you? For folks here, it means thriving in a high-autonomy environment and tackling complex problems in a technical space that is constantly changing and evolving. Engineers on our teams are focused on writing great code, but more-so collaborating with Product, Design, and other team members to define what games mean on the blockchain, and creating this new opportunity for our users.  And we need an experienced backend engineer to help us achieve this. You'll help shift the technological landscape within the company through experimentation and auditing of emerging tech stacks, while shaping the way a new technology is introduced to, and adopted by, new audiences throughout the world. Our ideal candidate: Has led end-to-end development on at least project spanning one or more teams  Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock individuals when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Bonus points if you have the following: Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developing DApps or interacting with blockchains Understands the deployment process, and is comfortable with docker, containers, and kubernetes Event driven architecture, familiarity with kafka and comfort with having eventual consistency across multiple services. Has a strong understanding of application and API security A little about us: Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others. CryptoKitties is the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges. Dapper team members are humble and curious entrepreneurs, builders, and tinkerers who share a passion to demystify blockchain technology and tap its potential to create change in the world. Our people are our greatest strength: our diverse crew flourishes in a distributed hierarchy where personal autonomy and professional growth are encouraged. We value our culture above else: regardless of where you came from, what you studied, or who you used to work for, your role here will necessitate both a high level of creativity and strategic thinking on complex issues. Everyone here is a founder, and no one fits in a box. We\u2019re all driven by an insatiable thirst for learning and development, and that\u2019s what brings us together. More about Dapper Labs: At Dapper Labs we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: - Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. - Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. - Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. - Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. - When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}