{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/49f9ed03-6642-4b0a-8474-5e04659d8b6d",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.axiomzen.co/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.axiomzen.co/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Technical Recruiter (Portfolio of Startups)",
    "Hash": "E6C1D453EEDFBF55B77558C71C36A911",
    "Url": "https://www.axiomzen.co/job/5f206d26-6536-4210-bb87-b86abaeacd85",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "axiomzen",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Menu AboutCompaniesCareers AboutCompaniesCareers \u2039 Back to open positions Technical Recruiter (Portfolio of Startups) Vancouver, BC At Axiom Zen, our mission is to shape the world through the impact of emerging technologies. In order to attack this ambition properly, we know that we must continuously seek the brightest minds and most innovative thinkers to collaborate and build towards our shared vision of the future together. Our history of shipping dozens of products and building independent businesses has required substantial organizational growth from the company\u2019s inception in 2012, growing to 30 team members in 2016 and over 150 today.  We\u2019re proud of the accomplishments that have allowed us to grow at this rapid rate but know that this is only the tip of the iceberg in terms of the impact we seek to drive - and that our people are our most important resource in determining the magnitude of our success. To continue to deliver on our mission, we are looking to add to our team with a highly motivated and ambitious recruiter to find our next cadre of amazing engineers, creatives, and entrepreneurs.  We have a high bar for talent. We\u2019re looking for someone who is energized by an environment that is dynamic and evolving, coupled with an unrelenting sense of urgency and results-driven mindset. Working with our team, you\u2019ll have the freedom to break from tradition and experiment with the boundaries of what\u2019s possible in talent acquisition.  What we'll accomplish together: Partner with business leaders to deeply understand the technology landscape and our differentiated approach to the market to optimize the organization\u2019s potential. Own the full-cycle recruitment process; this will involve everything from partnering with leadership on forecasting and defining role requirements to sourcing candidates, owning the candidate experience and interview process, and making & negotiating offers. Develop new and creative ways to find and engage the highest-potential candidates on the market today. Cultivate strong relationships with active and passive talent to build a strong network for future opportunities. Leverage data and metrics to understand our hiring performance and make improvements to our hiring process. Be a brand ambassador \u2013 create a best-in-class candidate experience for everyone we talk to. Our ideal candidate: You have 3-5 years of experience working as a recruiter in the tech space, with at least one of those years in-house in a hyper-growth start up environment. You have demonstrated success in sourcing people at the top of their fields, with experience recruiting for roles across the business including Engineering, Product, Marketing, Finance, Customer Success and Operations.  You have a passion for the business you support and think holistically to understand its strategy and competitive positioning. You\u2019re not just comfortable with ambiguity, you thrive in it! A little about us: Axiom Zen is an award-winning venture studio. Our portfolio companies combine creativity and experience to test new ground in emerging tech - our mission is to inspire delight through thoughtful user experiences. Dapper Labs is the company behind CryptoKitties, the world\u2019s most popular blockchain application outside of cryptocurrency exchanges, and upcoming projects like NBA Top Shot. Formed in February 2018, Dapper Labs was spun out of Axiom Zen to spread the benefits of decentralization through the power of play, fairness, and true ownership. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others.  ZenHub helps development teams build better software faster. Over 150,000 developers, product owners, and project managers in organizations ranging from disruptive startups to global enterprises have leveraged ZenHub to improve their software development lifecycle and deliver value to their customers. More about Axiom Zen: At Axiom Zen we recruit the best and foster an environment that empowers our team. That means a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and open-minded. We welcome applicants of all backgrounds, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.    Our people are what makes our team special - because of that, we work hard to provide perks that make their lives better by offering: ◦ Flexible vacation & remote work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. Most team members take between 15-20 days off per year, but we have no hard limit. ◦ Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. ◦ Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. ◦ Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a company smartphone of your choice with a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. ◦ When we can safely return to our office, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! Check out our careers page to learn more about what other benefits we offer! Apply now Locations Vancouver, Canada Los Angeles, USA Links Contact Us Press Kit Privacy Policy COVID-19 Safety Plan Copyright © 2020 Axiom Zen"
}