{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37450/jobs",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/categories/29866/jobs-and-talent",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37450/6541728/job-talent-blockchain-subject-matter-expert-wipro-careers",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/post/6541728/job-talent-blockchain-subject-matter-expert-wipro-careers",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/sign-in?redirect=list%2F37450%2Fjobs"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Jobs | Blockchain Company",
    "Hash": "122F2520F0DD316CDC3EDE74A0CD1035",
    "Url": "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37450/jobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "blockchaincompany",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "      Sign In Create Account Sign In Create Account Categories Everything (6045) Blockchain News (1715) Blockchain Apps (28) Crypto Currencies (159) White Papers (25) ICO (123) Use Cases (387) Conference and Seminars (15) Courses (13) Jobs and Talent (85) Events (33) Training and Lectures (114) Developers (15) Token (11) Research and Reports (590) Regulation (25) Service Providers (27) Wallets (11) Video (975) Investors (20) Listen (34) Press Release (30) Tasks (18) 4IR Company (31) Search BC Members About BC Marketing Coin Calculator Jobs Sep 15, 2017 by Jakobo Gimeno 4 posts Bitcoin regulation: G20 world leaders to discuss cryptocurrency crackdown at thi... (cityam.com) Finance ministers and central bankers from around the world will discuss new regulations for cryptocurrencies at this week's G20 summit in Buenos Aires.The discussion comes amid concerns that digital currencies are fuelling money laundering and other criminal activity.  Thomas Hulme, a solicitor at London law firm Mackrell Turner Garrett, said that policymakers are likely to focus their discussions on anti-money laundering and consumer protection issues.  These could include regulatory measures such as the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) decision last week to issue a licence to US crypto exchange Coinbase.Coinbase's e-money licence from the FCA was an endorsement that its business meets certain anti-money laundering and processing standards. \"In the last month, there have been several examples of government and regulatory actions towards cryptocurrencies. This shows acknowledgement that cryptocurrencies and blockchain have a potential to be used in a positive and productive way but also that the illegal activity within cryptocurrencies needs to be addressed,\" Hulme said. Michael Harris, director of financial crime compliance at Lexis Nexis Risk Solutions, added that the regulation of cryptocurrencies will present many challenges, and there will \"likely be jurisdictional differences within the G20 countries' regulations, and those outside of the G20 too\". \u201cNo single entity has tried to define regulation of this purely digital ecosystem, and it is unclear how this will be undertaken,\" Harris said.\"Governments will be looking for a way to align regulation as much as possible. Unless there is uniformity of regulation on a global basis, even at a high level, businesses will struggle to manage the continuing financial crime risk coming from customers\u2019 cryptocurrency investments. \"Last week, bitcoin tumbled below $8,000 (£5,700) after Google announced it would crack down on cryptocurrency and initial coin offering (ICO) advertisements, following a move by Facebookin January to do the same. The digital currency's price was down 5.75 per cent at $7,409.83 at the time of writing. Read more: Cashing in on crypto: The world's most bitcoin-friendly cities By Admin 1 comment 2 likes Like Share Mar 18, 2018 Francisco Gimeno - BC Analyst and Jakobo Gimeno 2 Francisco Gimeno - BC Analyst Important meeting this week of the G20 group, looking like they are going to discuss new regulations for cryptocurrencies, and if it is possible to uniform it around the world. 20 2 votes Reply Mar 18, 2018 Heads up! Twitter May Join the Crypto Ad Ban Rally; Bitcoin Continues Slide As N... (cryptovest.com) Twitter could be the next major Internet company to ban crypto-related ads, according to reports that surfaced Sunday.According to Sky News, Twitter will revamp its advertising policy so that those for ICOs, token sales, and cryptocurrency wallets will no longer be allowed. The new policy could take effect in as few as two weeks.As the news went viral, Bitcoin\u2019s price continued to slide. At the beginning of the weekend on Friday, its price was about $8,500. At the time of writing (New York time), it was hovering around $7,500.Let\u2019s discuss. Who\u2019s who of the crypto ad bans If Twitter does ban crypto-related ads, the action would follow that of its much larger social media competitor Facebook. In January, Facebook announced that it was banning crypto-related ads, including ICOs. Google stated last week that it would no longer allow for advertising for cryptocurrencies and related content. Specifically, Google\u2019s advertising change also applies to ICOs and crypto wallets, but also to cryptocurrency exchanges, and services related to providing crypto trading advice. Its halt is scheduled to not begin until June and is part of a sweeping crackdown on high-risk and unregulated financial products, we reported last week. Paranoia? With these moves from such prominent Internet companies, one can\u2019t help but to think that cryptos are coming under attack. Or, are these companies simply being paranoid over the still growing, and unfamiliar crypto space?Maybe not. In our reporting, we told you about Google removing roughly 79 million ads that lured online users to websites infected with malware.The amount of malware that has been found may mitigate notions that these companies are being paranoid by putting these ad bans in place. One of the ways crooks have been able to take over personal computers to mine cryptos is through malware.Malwarebytes found that servers \u201chappen to be a favorite among criminals\u201d because they offer the most horsepower, or to use the proper term, the highest hash rate to crunch through and solve the mathematical operations required by crypto mining. Fighting back There appears to be at least one crypto player who is fighting back against these bans. In Russia, Tribetica.com is reporting that a lawsuit has been filed against Google.Vladimir Orehov is reportedly demanding to be compensated after claiming the ban will deprive him of opportunities to invest in crypto projects and find investors to fund his own business initiatives.  Discover more from Cryptovest here: https://cryptovest.com/news/twitter-may-join-the-crypto-ad-ban-rally-bitcoin-continues-slide-as-news... By Admin 1 comment 2 likes Like Share Mar 18, 2018 Francisco Gimeno - BC Analyst and Jakobo Gimeno 2 Francisco Gimeno - BC Analyst #Google #Facebook and now maybe #Twitter are banning or going to do so crypto ads, including ICOs, tokens sales, and crypto wallets. @cryptovest is commenting if this is positive or negative for the big companies, and some reasons why. 20 2 votes Reply Mar 18, 2018 Report: Trends in Token Sale Proposals - Smith + Crown (smithandcrown.com) We\u2019re in the midst of preparing a longer piece on best practices for token sales/ICOs and how the industry can and should move towards a greater degree of self-regulation that might help it stay ahead of a growing worldwide trend of regulatory bodies taking increased interest in ICOs. That piece will also discuss a number of ideas about best practices and what forms that self-regulation would take. (In this regard we\u2019re actually seeing some mildly surprising and at least partially encouraging developments, but we\u2019ll save our commentary on those for the larger article.) Today we just want to point out a number of interesting trends we\u2019re seeing in the sorts of projects presenting themselves for inclusion on our Smith + Crown ICO tracker page. By virtue of maintaining this list we see virtually all of the ongoing and upcoming ICOs, and as a result have a strong grasp of different trends as they emerge and evolve. Lately a few distinct, largely positive patterns have emerged that we wanted to highlight. We mention a few different companies in order to illustrate the trends, but do so merely to provide examples of what we\u2019re seeing in terms of evolving practices in the ICO industry, without any implied endorsement other than to recognize their place within these patterns. That said, much of what we\u2019re seeing falls within a few identifiable trends: Fewer and fewer anonymous teams While at Smith + Crown we have refused to list truly anonymous teams (there are a couple  theoretical exceptions, but they are rarely even appealed to, much less invoked) but the increasingly small number of anonymous proposals that are even submitted to us is a reassuring trend. It could be that our policies on this are well known and anonymous groups are not even bothering to submit to us, but we suspect that the numbers of such groups are also declining significantly, and we feel this represents a very positive development in the growth and evolution of the sector. An end to the anonymous presentation of ICOs, whether seeking $10 or $10 million, might even help popular media outlets beginning to be interested in the sector to not feel compelled to include in their articles the obligatory reference to \u201cscam-ridden world of ICOs where anonymous teams can raise XX millions with only a cobbled together white paper.\u201d Altered vesting structures While the earliest visions of decentralized organizations tended to assume that founders of a project should retain a small number of tokens as an expression of their desire to see the ecosystem develop and prosper free of the outsized control of a major holder, this has recently begun to change. Likely influenced by an increasing number of management teams coming from outside the sector itself, the trend we see is of manangement retaining a somewhat larger number of tokens as an incentive aligning their interest in creating a vibrant, prosperous community or project with the interests of token holders and users. While insiders retaining a large number of shares is obviously a fine line, the general trend appears to be moving from teams holding 6-8% of tokens in 2015-16 to closer to 20-25% today. Arguably more significant is the lengthening vesting schedules for insider token holdings. Whereas 0-24 months was typical for vesting schedules up through 2016\u2013during which vesting was incredibly rare at all\u2013now vesting schedules are now stretching into the 36-48 month timeframe and are another strong measure of management commitment to a project. Some of the most prominent sales of 2016 (Golem, Waves, Lisk) had no obvious vesting schedules at all. Creative practices and procedures around the ICO are being explored One trend is that a growing number of ICOs are fully implementing Know Your Customer (KYC) practices. Not only does this serve to avoid the frenzied rush of many earlier ICOs\u2013environments that lent themselves to hacks, thefts, and whatever other nefarious activities within the chaos of those initial moments\u2013but some of these ICOs have also established contribution limits in an effort to ensure a wider distribution of their tokens, and by extension, interest and participation in their project. Yes, these can often be circumvented, but when combined with pre-registration and KYC practices, it is increasingly challenging to do so. Civic, Modum.io, Cindicator and cofound.it projects are good examples of these. ICOs are also assigning pre-vetted customers specific windows during which to purchase their tokens during assigned windows. This further reduces the frenzy of the ICO, increasing security and helping to ensure mistakes are eliminated, if not reduced. Trends in distributing ICO contribution addresses are becoming more sophisticated, again reducing opportunities for nefarious activities while also reducing the chances that a contributor will themselves make a mistake. It could be argued that some of these trends go against the open, distributed nature of the blockchain and return the advantage to those traditionally able to acquire access to the best early stage opportunities. However, not all projects are barring \u201cretail investors\u201d\u2013rather they are barring anonymous investors. These developments also signal a certain stage in the maturity of the sector, one in which a greater amount of money is entering the space. An element of the original spirit of the crypto world may be (partially) lost within this process, but the money flowing into the sector will allow a range of new projects to be funded, a fact which should please anyone interested in seeing decentralized projects spread more broadly. Finally, the sheer quantity of projects appearing lately strongly suggests there will opportunities for most interested parties to acquire the tokens in projects they choose to support, particularly as many of the new opportunities that will appeal to larger blocks of capital are arguably not the same projects appealing to individuals who have long followed the crypto sector. So far, these are emerging spaces continue to allow a place for anonymous supporters, retail investors, and accredited investors, though how large the opportunity becomes for each of these groups remains to be seen. Strong industry specific teams Another clear indication of a maturing industry is that more and more highly experienced individuals with strong industry-specific skillsets are staffing project teams. This represents an obvious change from several years ago, when leadership teams might have been composed exclusively of developers. The example of Robin Lee, former CFO of the World Gold Council and principal accounting officer of GLD, the exchange-listed gold ETF, entering the sector as the head of HelloGold, clearly illustrates the trend, but he is in merely one a number of highly competent, experienced individuals who could be pointed out in this regard. Sophisticated business organization and structure Another trend that appears to be developing is that as groups of individuals bring extensive experience from a particular industry (ticketing, marketing, and payments are a few that come quickly to mind) and seek to apply blockchain technologies and the innovations they promise to a sector they know well they can bring with them an established sense of best practices that help raise the standards within decentralized companies. While some of these entities might be criticized by some for merely applying a decentralized layer to a traditional centralized industry, such companies nevertheless represent expansions in the areas blockchain companies are focusing their energies, which most would agree is positive for the future growth of the sector. An example of the type of practices such groups might bring could be a business plan that calls for the scheduled release of quarterly and annual filings informing investors and token holders of the status of the project, rather than just allowing smart contracts to allocate fractionalized dividends or payment holders to token holders at designated moments. (Examples include modum.io and Acuitty.) Developments such as this will help the ICO space and the companies operating within it to increase their appeal to a larger pool of investors who will feel more comfortable with their ability to understand, analyze, and evaluate the companies operating within it. Of particular interest, and we\u2019ll discuss this more next week, is that these trends also represent many of the innovations that will likely help the sector establish a more respected place with the world of global securities regulators. Discover more reports like this on Smith + Crown here: https://www.smithandcrown.com/trends-token-sale-proposals/ By Admin 0 comments 2 likes Like Share Sep 12, 2017 Francisco Gimeno - BC Analyst and Maria Gimeno JOB & TALENT: Blockchain Subject Matter Expert - Wipro Careers (wipro.referrals.selectminds.com) Blockchain SME will provide advisory services to our customers and help them build new disruptive business solutions leveraging Blockchain technologies. You will get tremendous opportunity to influence Wipro\u2019 s existing and new customers towards adopting Blockchain technologies in their next generation business initiatives.  We are looking for Blockchain experts and thought leaders in the industry with experience in developing Blockchain based solutions and a demonstrated active interest participating in industry/tech events showcasing thought leadership in bitcoin / blockchain technologies.  In this role you will work closely with Wipro\u2019 s Blockchain Practice Leader, and other Wipro Advisers and the account organization (Vertical Heads, Client Partners, and Business Development Managers) to manage and prioritize advisory services delivery. Candidate requirements Mandatory: 12-14 years plus of consulting experience with at least 1+ year in Blockchain technologies Blockchain technologies: Consulting SME experience in at least one of the Blockchain platforms like IBM Hyperledger, Ethereum, Stellar, Ripple, Eris, Corda etc. Industry domain expertise in financial services Strong understanding of Bitcoin or other crypto currencies Developed Proof of Concepts using Blockchain technology Experience working with distributed applications  Understanding of various distributed consensus methodologies (Mining, PoS, etc). Understanding of cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/private key), symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures. Hands-on experience in using any one of the following (or similar) languages: Java, Golang, Rust, Scala, Haskell, Erlang, Python, C, C++, C# Consulting & Architecture: Advisory and consulting services on Blockchain Industry domain solution consulting in financial services domain Participate in blockchain industry and technology forums  Work with domain teams on industry Blockchain use case analysis and prioritization  Define architecture and best practices for Blockchain technology adoption and implementation  Disseminate best practices and act as a knowledgeable resource for Blockchain engineering problem solving Innovation & Product engineering: Conceptualize, architect and design Blockchain based industry solutions Drive solution development and capability development in Blockchain and related technologies Write high - caliber code to satisfy project requirements Be part of a fast- paced, agile environment Thought Leadership & Branding: Speaker at key Blockchain conferences Evangelize Blockchain technology through thought leadership sessions with key customers and internal Wipro teams Participate in industry forums and events Pre-sales customer solution workshops: Participate in Pre-sales and Customer workshops as per need Should be able to work with partners to generate leads and convert them to opportunities Should proactively reach out to internal stakeholders and customers to generate leads on Blockchain Alliance: Work with Blockchain partners, both startups and enterprise vendors building joint value-propositions and solution assetsAPPLY HERE By Admin 0 comments 2 likes Like Share Sep 11, 2017 Jakobo Gimeno and Veseljko Kalabic"
}