{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37449/6541729/job-amp-talent-ford-blockchain-engineer",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/categories/29866/jobs-and-talent",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37449/6541729/job-amp-talent-ford-blockchain-engineer",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/post/6541729/job-amp-talent-ford-blockchain-engineer",
        "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/sign-in?redirect=list%2F37449%2F6541729%2Fjob-amp-talent-ford-blockchain-engineer"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "JOB & TALENT: Ford Blockchain Engineer | Blockchain Company",
    "Hash": "9B54A4A937561F0AED2C41D7870264A2",
    "Url": "https://www.blockchaincompany.info/list/37449/6541729/job-amp-talent-ford-blockchain-engineer",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "blockchaincompany",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "      Sign In Create Account Sign In Create Account Categories Everything (6045) Blockchain News (1715) Blockchain Apps (28) Crypto Currencies (159) White Papers (25) ICO (123) Use Cases (387) Conference and Seminars (15) Courses (13) Jobs and Talent (85) Events (33) Training and Lectures (114) Developers (15) Token (11) Research and Reports (590) Regulation (25) Service Providers (27) Wallets (11) Video (975) Investors (20) Listen (34) Press Release (30) Tasks (18) 4IR Company (31) Search BC Members About BC Marketing Coin Calculator Outstanding Information 5 items Admin Blockchain Company Follow Tweet JOB & TALENT: Ford Blockchain Engineer (jobs.corporate.ford.com) Auto Req ID:28136BR Job Title:Blockchain Engineer Location:Dearborn State:MI Company:Ford Motor Company Job Description Ford Motor Company\u2019s Mobility Research organization is looking for candidates to develop new, enabling mobility technologies to support the Ford Smart Mobility solutions. We are looking for a strategic thinker and researcher to lead and pioneer work in the branch of Blockchain technology applied to mobility use cases that would help deliver superior user experiences for our customers in the further. You will have the opportunity to work in a highly dynamic environment that embraces a start-up mindset mode and encourages transformational thinking. Together our team works to understand our changing world, identify new opportunities and changing mobility preferences, and take actions to design and innovate for the future of mobility needs. Position Responsibilities: Collaborate with internal organizations to execute development of Blockchain-powered applications by taking requirements and turning them into architected solutions. This includes selecting the right development platform and determining which functionality to include in various development sprints. Lead hypothesis development, planning and execution of pilot launch to mature promising concepts into prototypes For successful prototypes, develop MVP requirements with domain experts Tailor the agile development process to suit the Blockchain software product development Develop SME-level knowledge of emerging technologies, specifically Blockchain usage in the transportation space. Identify white space opportunities for new experiments Support research activities including benchmarking, customer research and interviews Author presentations to management of difference levels and present the technology to a diverse audiences Required Qualifications: Master\u2019s degree in CS, EE, IT or related technical fields 5+ years of combined work experience in Distributed computing, distribute ledger and Blockchain, and/or Hyperledger technology. Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics preferred Experience with digital currencies like Bitcoin Experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as GitHub, Jira, etc. Experience with agile development (SCRUM, Kanban, etc.) and test automation (behavior, unit and integration testing with tools like cucumber, mocha, etc.) Team player with good collaborative decision making skills Well organized and ability to work with minimal supervision Demonstrated ability to lead complex, cross-functional teams in project development Experience working and presenting to large teams including Technical Leaders, Managers and Directors Proven and demonstrable experience in security and cryptography Proven and demonstrable experience in distributed computing, distribute ledger and Blockchain and/or Hyperledger technology Proven and demonstrable experience in infrastructure architecture design in the cloud such as AWS and/or Azure Significant experience in deploying highly scalable and highly robust software systems and solutions (SaaS, PaaS and IaaS) in the cloud Significant experience in multiple server and web technologies, services and APIs (e.g., RESTful and SOAP) Significant experience in Java and relational database and public key infrastructure (PKI) Ability to communicate technical matters clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical team members Strong written, oral and interpersonal communication skills The distance between imagination and \u2026 creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you\u2019d expect from a diverse global leader. You\u2019ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products \u2013 and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. APPLY NOW! Sep 11, 2017 (edited) by Admin in Jobs and Talent 0 comments 1 like Like Jakobo Gimeno Post Comment  "
}