{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.cementdao.com/senior-strategic",
    "DomainId": "cementdao",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://es.cementdao.com/privacy-policy",
        "https://www.cementdao.com/privacy-policy",
        "https://zh.cementdao.com/",
        "https://zh.cementdao.com/privacy-policy"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.cementdao.com/privacy-policy",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "PRIVACY POLICY | CementDAO",
    "Hash": "333FDD46611D403B8993AD9E58D2FE83",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "ZH ZH EN ES WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY   This website is operated by 1A1Z Limited. We take your privacy seriously, the below is our privacy policy which includes: who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information, and how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event that you have a complaint.   Who we are 1A1Z Limited (\u2018we\u2019 or \u2018us\u2019) (trading as CementDAO) collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data protection Regulations that apply across the EU and we are responsible as \u2018controller\u2019 of that personal information for the purposes of those laws. The personal information we collect and use a) Personal information you provide to us We collect the following personal information that you provide to us: Name; Email Address Some examples of when we collect this information include: When signing up to receive updates   b) Personal information you provide about third parties If you give us information about another person, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on their behalf and agreed that you: shall consent on their behalf to the processing of their personal data; shall receive any data protection notices on their behalf; and shall consent on their behalf to the transfer of their personal data abroad.   c) Cookies and similar technologies A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer or electronic device when you access our website. Similar technologies include web beacons, action tags, local shared objects (\u2018flash cookies\u2019) and single-pixel gifs. Such technologies can be used to track users\u2019 actions and activities, and to store information about them. We use these cookies and/or similar technologies on this website. For example we may use cookies to monitor and/or collect the following information: How many times a user visits the website This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this information may be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually. On the first occasion that you use our site we will ask whether you consent to our use of cookies. If you do not, cookies will not be used. Thereafter you can opt-out of using cookies at any time or you can set your browser not to accept cookies. However, some of our website features may not function as a result. For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Website cookie policy. For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.   How we use your personal information We collect information about our users for the following purposes: Identify users interested in the product or service; Contact users who are interested in receiving updates on the product and service; Market research Who your information may be shared with We may share your information with: Law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity We will not share your personal information with any 3rd parties.   Marketing We would like to send you information about products, services, offers, competitions and our business which may be of interest to you. Such information could be sent by post, email, telephone, text message or automated call. We will ask whether you would like us to send you marketing messages on the first occasion that you provide any relevant contact information (i.e. on purchase, signing up to a newsletter, entering a competition etc). If you do opt in to receive such marketing from us you can opt out at any time (see \u2018What rights do you have?\u2019 below for further information). If you have any queries about how to opt out, or if you are receiving messages you do not want you can contact us using the details provided below. Whether personal information has to be provided by you, and if so why On request we can share with you any and all of the personal information that we store as per GDPR regulations.   How long your personal information will be kept We will hold your personal information for the following periods: Typically, we store User\u2019s personal data for as long as the User is using our Services or for as long as we have another purpose to do so and, thereafter, for no longer than is required or permitted by law or necessary for internal reporting and reconciliation purposes.   We erase personal data after the above described storage period or when the User requests us to erase his/her personal data. These periods are no longer than necessary in each case.   Reasons we can collect and use your personal information We rely on the following as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal information: consent legal obligation   Keeping your information secure We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We will also use technological and organisation measures to keep your information secure. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so. Indeed, while we will use all reasonable efforts to secure your personal data, in using the site you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us using the details below.   Children and the validity of consent Where we obtain consent from any user we will take reasonable steps to ascertain whether the user is over 13 years of age and whether the child is sufficiently informed to give valid consent. If the user is not, parental consent will be required to provide consent for the processing of any personal information.   What rights do you have? Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to: fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) on individual's rights under the General Data Protection Regulations (http://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/) If you would like to exercise any of these rights please: email, call or write to us let us have enough information to identify you let us have proof of your identity (a copy of your driving license, passport or a recent credit card/utility bill) let us know the information to which your request relates From time to time we may also have other methods to unsubscribe (opt-out) from any direct marketing including for example, unsubscribe buttons or web links. If such are offered, please note that there may be some period after selecting to unsubscribe in which marketing may still be received while your request is being processed.   How to complain We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information. The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.   Changes to the privacy policy This privacy policy was published on 08/11/2018 and last updated on 08/11/2018. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website. We will also attempt to notify users of any changes by: By notice on the website   Contacting us If you have any questions about this policy or the information we hold about you, please contact us by: e-mail: build@cementdao.com post: c/o RW Blears Llp 29 Lincoln\u2019s Inn Fields, London, England, WC2A 3EG © Copyright 2019 by 1A1Z Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.",
    "Url": "https://zh.cementdao.com/privacy-policy"
}