{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.cognizant.com/jobs-of-the-future-index",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://careers.cognizant.com/global/en",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/careers",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/content/dam/Cognizant_Dotcom/whitepapers/21-jobs-of-the-future-a-guide-to-getting-and-staying-employed-over-the-next-10-years-codex3049.pdf",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/content/dam/Cognizant_Dotcom/whitepapers/21-more-jobs-of-the-future-a-guide-to-getting-and-staying-employed-through-2029-codex3928.pdf",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/content/dam/Cognizant_Dotcom/whitepapers/cognizant-jobs-of-the-future-index-first-annual-review-codex5309.pdf",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/futureofwork/whitepaper/21-more-jobs-of-the-future-a-guide-to-getting-and-staying-employed-through-2029",
        "https://www.cognizant.com/jobs-of-the-future-index"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=utf-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Jobs of the Future Index\u2014Future of Work | Cognizant",
    "Hash": "24753ED5329CE6C8604CF9A8C25928B6",
    "Url": "https://www.cognizant.com/jobs-of-the-future-index",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "cognizant",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Industries Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities COGNIZANT CONSULTING Helping organizations engage people and uncover insight from data to shape the products, services and experiences they offer Learn More Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Engineering Digital Strategy Interactive Internet of Things Enterprise Services Industry & Platform Solutions Intelligent Process Automation Application Services Cloud Enablement Cognizant Infrastructure Services Cognizant Security Core Modernization Digital Engineering Enterprise Application Services Quality Engineering & Assurance COGNIZANT CONSULTING Helping organizations engage people and uncover insight from data to shape the products, services and experiences they offer Learn More Latest Thinking Our Media & Publications All Latest Thinking Browse Case Studies Cognizant Podcasts Cognizanti Journal Digitally Cognizant Blog Infographics Perspectives Key Themes AI Primary Research Blockchain Primary Research Blockchain Solutions Code Halos Digital Maturity Research When Machines Do Everything World Economic Forum\u2014Davos Center for the Future of Work 21 More Jobs of the Future Digital Workforce of the Future Explore the Future of Work Jobs of the Future Index Our Post-COVID Future The Work Ahead About About Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Cognizant Events Contact Us Corporate Governance Corporate Integrity Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sustainability Talent Worldwide Women Empowered Careers News Events Investors Worldwide carrot carrot carrot Change Centers x cognizanti collaborators create-folder Data Science Decisive Infrastructure download download edit Email exit Facebook files folders future-of-work global sourcing industry info infographic linkedin location Mass Empowerment Mobile First our-latest-thinking pdf question-mark icon_rss save-article search-article search-folders settings icon_share smart-search Smart Sourcing icon_star Twitter Value Webs Virtual Capital workplace Artboard 1 Please visit the COVID-19 response page for resources and advice on managing through the crisis today and beyond. Careers \u0095 News \u0095 Events \u0095 Investors | Worldwide AMERICAS Argentina Brazil Canada Costa Rica El Salvador Mexico United States MIDDLE EAST Visit our Regional Website AFRICA Morocco ( En | Fr ) South Africa EUROPE Belgium ( Fr | Nl | En ) Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary Italy Latvia Lithuania Norway Poland Spain Sweden ( Sv | En ) Switzerland ( Fr | En | De ) The Netherlands United Kingdom ASIA PACIFIC Australia China Hong Kong SAR India Japan Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore Thailand × Type in a topic service or offering and then hit Enter to search Common Searches : Industries Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities COGNIZANT CONSULTING Helping organizations engage people and uncover insight from data to shape the products, services and experiences they offer Learn More Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Engineering Digital Strategy Interactive Internet of Things Enterprise Services Industry & Platform Solutions Intelligent Process Automation Application Services Cloud Enablement Cognizant Infrastructure Services Cognizant Security Core Modernization Digital Engineering Enterprise Application Services Quality Engineering & Assurance COGNIZANT CONSULTING Helping organizations engage people and uncover insight from data to shape the products, services and experiences they offer Learn More Latest Thinking Our Media & Publications All Latest Thinking Browse Case Studies Cognizant Podcasts Cognizanti Journal Digitally Cognizant Blog Infographics Perspectives Key Themes AI Primary Research Blockchain Primary Research Blockchain Solutions Code Halos Digital Maturity Research When Machines Do Everything World Economic Forum\u2014Davos Center for the Future of Work 21 More Jobs of the Future Digital Workforce of the Future Explore the Future of Work Jobs of the Future Index Our Post-COVID Future The Work Ahead About About Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Cognizant Events Contact Us Corporate Governance Corporate Integrity Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sustainability Talent Worldwide Women Empowered Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index CONTACT × There are some errors in your form. Contact Us Name* Please provide your Name. Email* Please provide a valid Email Address. Organization* Please provide Organization. Phone Number* Please provide your Phone Number. Select Region North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Select a Region* Please Select a Region Select Inquiry Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for services Select a Inquiry Type* Please Select Inquiry Select SubInquiry Cognizant Alumni Job Seeker Entry-Level Job Seeker Experienced Job Seeker Former Employee Verification Interview Status Login Issues Offered Candidates Other Select a Sub-Inquiry Type* Please Select Sub-Inquiry Message SUBMIT Your information has been submitted successfully! × COGNIZANT JOBS OF THE FUTURE INDEX Track the jobs of the future in the age of the algorithm Rethinking the workforce of the future For the 160 million people in the U.S. labor force, the digital revolution is transforming work as we know it. Now, Cognizant has developed a framework to track the demand for the jobs of the future. To benchmark the emergence of new jobs, we have created the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index© (CJoF Index). Our quarterly index explores the trends and patterns of 50 jobs. Developed from our own Center for the Future of Work reports, and supported by economic research firm ESI Thoughtlab, the CJoF Index answers key questions like: Which jobs, in which industries, are growing faster than others?  Which jobs are shrinking or shifting to other occupations or overseas?  Are job market geographic patterns emerging? We hope the CJoF Index helps you gain insight into tomorrow\u2019s job market\u2014and what's required for employees and employers to remain competitive. READ THIS QUARTER'S ANALYSIS PRINT Quarterly Analysis Select Quarter 2020, Q1 2019, Q4 2019, Q3 2019, Q2 2019, Q1 2018, Q4 2018, Q3 × Cognizant\u2019s Jobs of the Future Index Starts to Show COVID-19\u2019s Impact on Business The novel coronavirus has thrust the \u201cfuture of work\u201d to the forefront for the 165 million people in today\u2019s U.S. labor force with shocking speed. Cognizant\u2019s Q1 Jobs of the Future Index provides a glimpse into the profound impact that is beginning to emerge. The CJoF Index started the year with unemployment at its lowest point in decades (3.8 percent quarterly average) and the economy and stock market continuing their decade-long expansion. However, in mid-March economic growth came to a sudden stop as local and state governments implemented social distancing policies and closed non-essential businesses to mitigate the impact of the health crisis. The impact was immediate. This sudden shutdown of most of the US economy drove the number of initial unemployment claims in the last week of March to skyrocket to around 6.65 million, for a total of 10 million for the month. The Dow Jones experienced its worse drop in March since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008. In short, the \u201cnow\u201d of work is seemingly being shredded before our eyes. And as recently as two months ago, it\u2019s arguable that very few prognisticators would have foreseen that heroes like doctors, nurses, grocery cashiers and stockists, and mail carriers would underpin America\u2019s ability to weather its immediate, unprecedented future. The pandemic has the power to dramatically reshape the economy, labor force, and the future of work. Over the short-term, companies will need to cut costs to cope will the ensuing economic downturn. Meanwhile, new technologies that enable remote working and virtual projects are having a profound impact on our ability to weather the emergency these times of crisis have brought. After the pandemic, things will be quite different. Whether the current lockdown lasts weeks or months, very little will remain unchanged. Will everyone work from home? Virtually? Will robots and AI be more popular or less so? Will the gig economy be wiped away or the only port in a global storm? While the full longer-term implications are still unknown, it is likely that the pandemic will accelerate digital and workforce transformation and increase the demand for digitally enabled jobs in the future. Effects on the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index The Cognizant Jobs of the Future (CJoF) Index tracks quarterly postings for 50 digitally enabled jobs identified by Cognizant\u2019s Center for the Future of Work. The index monitors trends in eight families of jobs, all of which saw year-on-year growth. These eight families are Algorithms, Automation and AI; Customer Experience; Environment; Fitness and Wellness; Healthcare; Legal and Financial Services; Transport; and Work Culture. The CJoF Index showed quarterly growth starting to slow from the rate in the previous two quarters. Although the CJoF index increased 7.1 percent, from 1.89 in Q4 2019 to 2.02 in Q1 2020, this rise was lower than the 8.1 percent quarterly rate in the two previous quarters, when the CJoF index grew faster than the All Burning Glass Jobs Index. Before COVID-19 hit the US, the first quarter of CJoF Index recorded strong results comparable to previous quarters. In the first quarter of 2020, the CJoF Index rose by a hefty 37.2 percent over the year, from an index figure of 1.47 in Q1 2019 to 2.02 in Q1 2020. The first quarter\u2019s year-on-year growth even exceeded the 31.6 percent annual increase recorded in the CJoF Index in Q1 2019. The March year-on-year numbers revealed a course correction from the pandemic: the CJoF Index jumped 23.6 percent while the all jobs index increased by 13.7 percent. The bottom line: before COVID-19 hit the US, the first quarter of CJoF Index recorded strong results comparable to previous quarters. Distant early warning of the pandemic reflected in the March 2020 data of the CJoF Index Although it is still too early to gauge COVID-19\u2019s full impact on the labor market, an analysis of the 45 real jobs in the CJoF over the five weeks from March 1 to April 4 \u2013 a \u201cdistant early warning\u201d, of sorts, to future iterations of the CJoF Index \u2013 shows which jobs may see higher future demand (and a glimpse of how big the subsequent \u201cblast radius\u201d enveloping the Index\u2019s jobs of the future may be). Of these 45 jobs, 11 realized an increase in demand from the first week in March to the first week in April, while 31 posted declines. Three jobs remained unchanged. Specifically, demand for Caregivers/Personal Care Aides and Computer Scientists increased by the highest percentages, 354 percent and 337 percent, respectively. That may be the start of a fast-emerging trend, as business and healthcare go digital to cope with the pandemic and its ramifications. Perhaps a harbinger for things to come, within the five-week period, the demand for digitally enabled Family/Behavior Therapists rose 26 percent), Biostatisticians (+20 percent), Business Intelligence Architect/Developers (+7 percent), Personal Financial Advisors (+7 percent), Cyber/Information Security Engineer/Analyst (+7 percent) and Physicians (+2 percent). Most jobs within the CJoF Index fell in demand during March, as many \u201cnon-essential\u201d businesses were forced to streamline or stop operations. The two jobs with the largest percent decreases over this period were Health Information Manager/Director (-79 percent) and Career Counselor (-70 percent). But the future for these and other jobs in the index depend on how fast the US economy recovers and the actions companies take to re-ignite their performance. Registering the quarterly impact in Q1: CJoF Index registers over-the-quarter growth of seven percent After several quarters of strong overall performance, Q1 2020 \u2013 understandably \u2013 saw more modest growth for the CJoF Index. It posted a quarterly increase of 7.1 percent, rising from 1.89 in Q4 2019 to 2.02 in Q1 2020. The All Burning Glass Jobs Index outperformed the CJoF Index (+8 percent) for the first time in several quarters, increasing from 1.64 in Q4 2019 to 1.77 this quarter. The Proxy Job Index, which examines potential jobs of the future, also showed sustained quarter-on-quarter growth, with an increase of approximately 6 percent. Except for the Transport and Legal and Financial Services job families, which posted slight decreases (-5 percent and -0.7 percent, respectively), all other families experienced quarter-on-quarter growth. After having the highest quarterly percentage growth ever recorded in Q4 2019 (+169 percent), the Fitness and Wellness family registered a far more modest increase of 9 percent, as the Caregiver/Personal Care Aide and Home Health Aide jobs retained about the same number of postings compared with last quarter. Healthcare had the highest percentage increase of any family over the quarter, at almost 12 percent, while AAA had the highest numerical change in job postings, at nearly 29,000 new job postings this quarter. After Healthcare, the Environment and Customer Experience families realized the largest quarterly gains in job postings in Q1, up 10.7 and 10.6 percent, respectively. These families were followed by Fitness and Wellness (+9 percent), AAA (+7 percent), and Work Culture (+5 percent). Compared with the prior quarter\u2019s dynamic growth in nearly all families, Q1 2020 was far more modest, with none of the families exceeding a growth rate of 12 percent. This performance pales against last quarter\u2019s record setting 169 percent growth in the Fitness and Wellness family. The year-over-year, big picture view: Fitness and Wellness, and Healthcare families posted fastest annual growth as of Q1 The Fitness and Wellness family again led the families in year-to-year growth (+209 percent), thanks to continued increases in the Caregiver/Personal Care Aide (+418 percent) and Home Health Aide (+348 percent) job postings. This is a continuation of the family\u2019s expansive growth of the prior quarter, which saw the initial boom in these occupations. However, the growth in these jobs decelerated in Q1\u2014to 25 percent for Home Health Aide and just 2 percent for Caregiver/Personal Care Aide. Both jobs are considered essential by states throughout the country to provide care outside of overcrowded hospitals to elderly or disabled Americans. However, the CJoF Index registered an increased demand for telemedicine skills during the health crisis. When looking at weekly data, postings for digitally enabled Caregiver/Personal Care Aides jumped 354 percent from the first week in March to the first week in April, while postings for their non-digitally enabled counterparts increased only 26 percent. Amid the pandemic and in its aftermath, many jobs related to fitness and wellness may require familiarity with the latest telemedicine innovations, including remote monitoring and improvements to digital interoperability. Such technology will also allow caregivers and related agencies to obtain and maintain easily accessible information on the different needs of the people using their services. The number of postings in the Healthcare family also grew consistently over the year (+56 percent). The fastest-growing job within the family was Physician (+218 percent), with many of those openings coming onstream towards the latter part of the quarter as the country\u2019s healthcare system began preparing for COVID-19. The jobs needed in healthcare will continue to expand as demand for healthcare services jumps during the health crisis and, thereafter, as the population ages. Since 2018, the healthcare sector has maintained its position as the largest source of employment in the US, surpassing retail. According to Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED), the healthcare sector has also managed to weather the past three recessions without shedding the number of employees in the industry. It is likely to do that again if the country falls into another recession due to the pandemic. All the other families in the CJoF index had year-over-year growth rates above 20 percent. This sustained and robust growth reflects the escalating demand for digitally enabled skills as technology becomes central to how we live and work\u2014a trend that is likely to deepen in the wake of the pandemic. The fastest-growing job families in Q1 2020 on a year-to-year basis were the following: Fitness and Wellness (+209 percent) Healthcare (+56 percent) Transport (+43 percent) The families with strong but more moderate growth were: AAA (+37 percent) Environmental (+31 percent) Customer Experience (+28 percent) Legal and Financial Services (+23 percent) Work Culture (+21 percent) Which jobs grew the most over the year? Over the year, 48 occupations in the CJoF Index posted growth in their individual indexes. In addition to the Family Caregiver/Personal Care Aide and Home Health Aide from the Fitness and Wellness family, the top ten fastest-growing occupations included: Four jobs in the Environment family (Alternative Energy Manager, Solar Installer, Sustainability Specialist, and Solar Engineer). Two in Healthcare (Physician and Biomedical Equipment Technician). Two in the AAA family (Business Intelligence Architect and Technology Consultant). Ranking the 50 jobs from highest growth to lowest over the year, jobs within the AAA, fitness & wellness, healthcare, environmental and transport families held the top 25 spots. Work culture, legal & financial services, and customer experience families had no job that posted an above-median growth rate. The fastest-growing jobs over the year in Q1 of 2020 in the CJoF Index were: Caregiver/Personal Care Aide (+418 percent) Home Health Aide (+348 percent) Physician (+218 percent) Alternative Energy Manager (+105 percent) Biomedical Equipment Technician (+93 percent) Jobs that posted the smallest increases over the year in the CJoF Index in Q1 2020 were: Industrial-Organizational Psychologist (+7 percent) Environmental Engineer (+6 percent) Robotics Engineer (+5 percent) Personal Financial Advisor (+2 percent) Fitness Commitment Counselor (+0.7 percent) Only two jobs posted negative growth over the year in Q1 2020: Computer Scientist (-5 percent) Career Counselor (-13 percent) In addition to percent change in job growth, another important indicator of job demand is the absolute number of job postings. On this measure, Software Developers/Engineers continued to add more jobs than any other occupation in the CJoF Index, racking up a gain of 83,000 over the year. The rest of the top five fastest-growing jobs postings in numeric terms were Cyber/Information Security Engineer/Analyst (+11,300) and Business Intelligence Architect/Developer (+7,700), Cyber Calamity Forecaster (+7,400), and Master of Edge Computing (+5,100). Cyber Calamity Forecaster and Master of Edge Computing are the fastest growing of the proxy jobs developed in Cognizant\u2019s 21 Jobs of the Future Report. While these job categories did not chalk up the speediest growth in percentage terms, the large numeric increases underscore the ongoing search for technical talent as companies accelerate their data analytics capabilities. With the health crisis exposing companies to greater cyber-risks as their businesses move outside the perimeter, these jobs may rise even faster in the months to come. READ MORE ABOUT THE INDEX PRINT Announcing the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index The digital revolution is changing the course of the future of work for the 160 million people in today\u2019s US labor force. New technologies and tools are transforming the workplace, eliminating some jobs, reinventing others, and creating new jobs of the future. But these dramatic shifts are also making it more difficult to identify which jobs will grow in the future and what these new roles will entail. Traditional ways of thinking about job demand are becoming less effective. We need new ways to analyze workforce trends and patterns to both companies and job seekers prepare for the future. The Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index will allow us to test and/or prove our hypotheses about what the jobs of the future will look like, how they are evolving, and what will be required of employees and employers alike. That is why we created the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index. This ground-breaking Index explores the trends and patterns in a set of fifty jobs\u201445 actual or \u201creal\u201d jobs, along with 5 \u201cproxy\u201d jobs developed from Cognizant\u2019s 21 Jobs of the Future and the 21 More Jobs of the Future. With analytical support from economists at ESI Thoughtlab, an economic research firm, we selected jobs that shared several characteristics: First, they are occupations that have been or are expected to grow, particularly when we take into consideration rising digitization of work and the workplace, such as software or mobile app developers.  Second, they are occupations that are integral to industries that are expected to grow or transform in the coming decades. These occupations could include newly defined or traditional jobs in industries that are being changed by technology or expanding rapidly to meet societal needs.  Finally, we applied a digital filter to these jobs. Using the proprietary Burning Glass database of job openings, we can search for and identify jobs that require digital technology skills on top of traditional skills requirements\u2014meaning that the job description for the posting mentions or requires technological capabilities as a requirement for employment. That allows us to look at jobs that are being enhanced or transformed to reflect the digital revolution in the workplace, and to track trends in those specific jobs. In future posts, we will compare some of those more traditional jobs with their counterpart digital version, to see if differences in demand are emerging.  Tracking Demand for Jobs of the Future With all of that as the backdrop, the Index is a real-time demand tracking instrument \u2013 allowing us to identify shifts and changes in employer demand for these jobs. The 50 jobs we are tracking in the CJoF Index represent about 5% of the total jobs tracked by Burning Glass in the most recent quarter. What we will be looking for as we track these jobs over future quarters is how the Index is changing.  Which jobs are growing faster than the other jobs in the Index?  Which job families\u2014our 8 groups of jobs with common characteristics such as industry sector or skills requirements\u2014are growing faster than either the Index or the overall Burning Glass database?  Are some jobs shrinking, meaning that either those jobs are shrinking or perhaps that those jobs are shifting to either other occupations or even overseas?  Are there geographic location patterns, such as more of certain occupations in urban areas versus rural areas?  The index is not about predicting the future. Rather, it is a tool that allows us to look at trends like one we see in this first edition, where jobs in the \u201cWork Culture\u201d family have grown by 65% since the starting point of the Index, the 2nd fastest growth rate for any of our families. That trend leads us naturally to some questions. Why are occupations like Training and Development Specialist, I/O Psychologist and Career Counselor growing faster than seemingly more tech-oriented occupations? Why might there be more demand for technically oriented career counselors? Is the growth due to the rise of online job postings, or is it the need for career counselors to be well-versed in the technologies and new jobs that they are connecting and training their clients for? What we may be seeing is that for companies with changing expectations and ways in which employees are expected to work, having tech savvy career counselors and I/O psychologists can be an investment in the future of their workplace. And it may sound counterintuitive, but in a world of more pervasive technology, activities that humans do well will become even more important. In the future, work will change but won\u2019t go. Once you answer the question of what to do when machines do everything, the next logical question is: \u201cOK, what exactly are the numerous jobs that will come to pass? What\u2019s Next So, join us as we begin this journey through the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index. Every quarter we will update the index and identify highlights and interesting insights from the data we are seeing. In addition, we encourage you to explore our interactive dashboard\u2014there you can look at the overall index, segments of the index like our eight job families, or even look more closely at the trends within any one of the jobs included in the index. We hope the Index is useful as you try to understand what is going on in the job market and what you as a future employee or employer need to do to remain competitive. We look forward to engaging you in a conversation about the jobs of the future and hearing your viewpoints on what is happening and why. × READ THE FULL METHODOLOGY FOR THE CJOF INDEX PRINT The Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index The rapid rise of technology is causing US companies to rethink jobs for the future of work. To benchmark these emerging jobs, we have created the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index© (CJoF Index). This quarterly index measures the change in demand for a set of 50 jobs of the future, 45 actual jobs and five proxy ones. It also includes eight additional sub-indices that represent families of similar jobs. (Click to see more about these jobs). The CJoF Index score represents the sum of the current quarterly total of US job openings divided by the quarterly total of US job openings in the 3rd quarter of 2016 (the base year for the Index). The index was developed by the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work, together with ESI ThoughtLab, an economic research firm.  Introduction The rapid rise of technology is transforming the future of work in the US. Companies are not only rethinking traditional jobs through a digital lens, but also inventing new jobs that will be important in the future. To track the growth in these future jobs, Cognizant teamed up with ESI ThoughtLab, a leading economic research firm, to create the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index© (CJoF Index). This quarterly index measures the change in demand for a set of 50 jobs of the future identified through analysis conducted by the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work and ESI ThoughtLab. ESI ThoughtLab\u2019s senior economists constructed the analytical framework for the index, and Burning Glass, a provider of workforce analytics, provided the current and historical data on job openings. The CJoF Index score represents the sum of the current quarterly total of US job openings divided by the quarterly total of US job openings in the 3rd quarter of 2016 (the base year for the Index). In addition to the composite score of 50 jobs of the future, the index includes eight additional sub-indices that represent families of similar jobs, including Algorithmic, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence; Customer Experience (CX); Environmental; Fitness and Wellness; Health Care (HC); Legal and Financial Services; Transportation; and Work Culture. The index allows the user to drill down into comparative trends for each of the underlying occupations. The CJoF Index, which is updated quarterly, offers the user insights into current and historical trends. ESI ThoughtLab economists monitor and periodically update the data as Burning Glass adds or subtracts from its real-time list of occupations.  Index data and composition The CJoF Index draws on Burning Glass\u2019s highly respected Job Insight portal. Burning Glass obtains its data from online sources of job openings, both aggregators of job openings (sites like Indeed, LinkedIn, and ZipRecruiter, along with many others) and primary sources (company websites). Burning Glass uses an extensive \u201cde-duplication\u201d algorithm to ensure each job opening is counted only once.  Each quarter, ESI ThoughtLab economists input the relevant data on job openings in 50 occupations to create the latest index, aggregating the totals for the full CJoF index and the various sub-indices. All totals are indexed against the 2016 third quarter totals (base quarter) to create the index score for each job, the full CJoF Index, and the various sub-indices.  To ensure these openings represent jobs of the future, the team applies a filter to identify job openings requiring digital capabilities. Due to the use of the digital filter, each of the occupations represented in the Index is a subset of the total number of openings for that specific occupation. The CJoF Index represents about 5% of the total openings tracked by Burning Glass.  The data included in the Index does not measure actual jobs, but rather the number of posted job openings. As such, it serves as a proxy for job demand, and allows the user to better understand the trends and patterns in the labor market and the historical, current, and potential demand for jobs. The data used in the Index is influenced by the availability and prevalence of online job offerings, and the ability of Burning Glass to access those openings and scrub them for duplications. The index measures US domestic job openings and is not designed to directly inform users of potential outsourcing of employment opportunities or shifts of existing staff within companies.  On a regular basis, Burning Glass adjusts the mix of occupations included in its data set, based on changes in the marketplace and job postings. In some cases, occupations may be split, combined, or eliminated. Cognizant and ESI ThoughtLab review the index composition regularly and may make changes and adjustments if needed. This may alter some reported data, as Burning Glass will go back and adjust the totals for previous time periods to reflect the change.  Burning Glass Labor Insight™ Real-time Labor Market Information The index draws its job openings data from Burning Glass Technologies\u2019 Labor Insight™ Real-time Labor Market Information tool. Burning Glass was founded in 1999 with the goal of developing the world\u2019s leading technologies for matching people with jobs. Its technologies deliver intuitive insight across a range of functions, including workforce and economic development and career exploration and counseling, as well as job matching. Its pioneering solutions leverage a deep understanding of people and their careers in order to deliver superior workforce and marketplace insight. Burning Glass\u2019s patented artificial intelligence engine learns from actual career patterns as observed in both structured and natural language contexts in order to deliver an intuitive, real-time awareness of how and when people move from job to job and of the kinds of skills and experiences that lead to successful placement. Selection criteria We identified the occupations for inclusion in the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index through a selection process that included quantitative analysis of the Burning Glass data by ESI ThoughtLab, combined with expert opinion from the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work. We selected 45 occupations for inclusion in the CJoF, all representing jobs that the team identified as important for the future US workforce. The selection process included a mix of both objective data analysis and subjective insight based upon an understanding of the emerging job markets by both the Cognizant and ESI Thoughtlab teams.  In addition to the 45 actual occupations, we created five proxy jobs to represent potential new occupations identified in the Center for the Future of Work\u2019s recent publication, 21 Jobs of the Future and 21 More Jobs of the Future. For these proxy jobs, we identified potential occupations for each proxy based upon the Cognizant job description and the current occupations likely to evolve into, or merge with, that new occupation. For each proxy job, Cognizant and ESI ThoughtLab applied weights of either 15%, 35%, or 50% to component occupations to reflect their impact on the proxy job. To avoid double-counting, all the occupations included in the proxy jobs were excluded from the remainder of the Index. The table below specifies each proxy job and its occupation components. Proxy job Occupation components Augmented reality (AR) journey builder Actor Choreographer Copywriter Art director Graphic designer / desktop publisher Set / exhibit designer Multimedia designer / animator Cyber calamity forecaster Web designer Web developer Computer programmer Computer systems engineer / architect Insurance underwriter Actuary Loss prevention/ asset protection specialist Fitness commitment counselor Dietary aide Nutrition / dietetic technician Dietitian / nutritionist Fitness / wellness manager Exercise physiologist / specialist Health educator / coach Personal trainer / fitness instructor Master of edge computing Mechanical / electrical drafter Systems analyst Electrical and electronics technician Electronics engineer Telecommunications engineering specialist Tidewater architect Conservation scientists / park ranger Marine engineer / architect Soil / plant scientist Wildlife biologist Environmental compliance specialist Environmental engineering technician Landscape architect Surveying / mapping technician Environmental planner / scientist Hydrologist Water / wastewater engineer Our team divided the index into eight job families, consisting of groupings of occupations by skills and function (see table below). These groupings allow for comparison of individual jobs to their job families, as well as between and among job families. Job family Occupations Algorithmic, automation, and artificial intelligence Master of edge computing Cyber calamity forecaster Chief information officer / director of information technology Computer scientist Technology consultant Business intelligence architect / developer Mechatronics engineer Robotics engineer Data scientist Cyber / information security engineer / analyst Software developer / engineer Mobile applications developer Video game designer Robotics technician Security / defense intelligence analyst Surveillance officer / investigator Customer experience (CX) AR journey builder Business development / sales manager Social media strategist / specialist UI / UX designer / developer Fashion designer Sales engineer Environmental Tidewater architect Alternative energy manager Sustainability specialist Solar engineer Solar installer Environmental engineer Fitness and wellness Fitness commitment counselor Family / behavioral therapist Home health aide Caregiver / personal care aide Health care (HC) Biostatistician Biomedical engineer Physician Registered nurse Health information manager / director Health technician / technologist (other) Genetic counselor Biomedical equipment technician Legal and financial services Personal financial advisor Risk manager / analyst Attorney Transportation Aerospace engineer Urban / transportation planner Avionics technician Transportation supervisor Work culture Training and development specialist Industrial-organizational psychologist Career counselor Index team and responsibilities The Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index was created by The Cognizant Center for the Future of Work in collaboration with ESI ThoughtLab. The Cognizant team included Ben Pring, vice president and Co-founder of the Center and Managing Director, and Rob Brown, assistant vice president. The ESI ThoughtLab team included Lou Celi, chief executive, Dr. Daniel Miles, chief economist, Steve Wray, director of regional economics and labor, and Rebecca DeJoseph, senior economist. The Cognizant Center for the Future of Work conceived of the index and was responsible for final selection of the occupations included in the index, the design of the proxy jobs, and the identification of the Job Families. Cognizant decides on the occupations included in the index and any future adjustments to the Index. ESI ThoughtLab is responsible for managing the data and maintaining the analytical platform for the index. ESI ThoughtLab maintains quality control over the index, implements any changes to the index as directed by Cognizant, and provides data analysis to support Cognizant\u2019s thought leadership efforts. Copyright © Copyright 2020, Cognizant. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the express written permission from Cognizant. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. All other trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. × CJoF Index: First Annual Review  Cognizant\u2019s Jobs of the Future Index, established in October 2018, provides leading indicators for how the U.S. economy is adapting in the face of technology-based innovation and disruption. Since its debut at the World Economic Forum\u2019s Annual Conference in Davos in January 2019, the CJoF Index has established itself as an important new tool for understanding how the Fourth Industrial Revolution is shaping the future of work. Our first annual CJoF Index report details highlights from the first year. VIEW THE YEARBOOK Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index Learn how the index is calculated 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total CJoF Jobs: The Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index The rapid rise of technology is causing US companies to rethink jobs for the future of work. To benchmark these emerging jobs, we have created the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index© (CJoF Index). This quarterly index measures the change in demand for a set of 50 jobs of the future, 45 actual jobs and five proxy ones. It also includes eight additional sub-indices that represent families of similar jobs. (Click to see more about these jobs). The CJoF Index score represents the sum of the current quarterly total of US job openings divided by the quarterly total of US job openings in the 3rd quarter of 2016 (the base year for the Index).  The index was developed by the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work, together with ESI ThoughtLab, an economic research firm.  Introduction The rapid rise of technology is transforming the future of work in the US. Companies are not only rethinking traditional jobs through a digital lens, but also inventing new jobs that will be important in the future. To track the growth in these future jobs, Cognizant teamed up with ESI ThoughtLab, a leading economic research firm, to create the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index© (CJoF Index). This quarterly index measures the change in demand for a set of 50 jobs of the future identified through analysis conducted by the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work and ESI ThoughtLab. ESI ThoughtLab\u2019s senior economists constructed the analytical framework for the index, and Burning Glass, a provider of workforce analytics, provided the current and historical data on job openings. The CJoF Index score represents the sum of the current quarterly total of US job openings divided by the quarterly total of US job openings in the 3rd quarter of 2016 (the base year for the Index).  In addition to the composite score of 50 jobs of the future, the index includes eight additional sub-indices that represent families of similar jobs, including Algorithmic, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence; Customer Experience (CX); Environmental; Fitness and Wellness; Health Care (HC); Legal and Financial Services; Transportation; and Work Culture. The index allows the user to drill down into comparative trends for each of the underlying occupations. The CJoF Index, which is updated quarterly, offers the user  insights into current and historical trends. ESI ThoughtLab economists monitor and periodically update the data as Burning Glass adds or subtracts from its real-time list of occupations.  Index data and composition The CJoF Index draws on Burning Glass\u2019s highly respected Job Insight portal. Burning Glass obtains its data from online sources of job openings, both aggregators of job openings (sites like Indeed, LinkedIn, and ZipRecruiter, along with many others) and primary sources (company websites). Burning Glass uses an extensive \u201cde-duplication\u201d algorithm to ensure each job opening is counted only once.  Each quarter, ESI ThoughtLab economists input the relevant data on job openings in 50 occupations to create the latest index, aggregating the totals for the full CJoF index and the various sub-indices. All totals are indexed against the 2016 third quarter totals (base quarter) to create the index score for each job, the full CJoF Index, and the various sub-indices.  To ensure these openings represent jobs of the future, the team applies a filter to identify job openings requiring digital capabilities. Due to the use of the digital filter, each of the occupations represented in the Index is a subset of the total number of openings for that specific occupation. The CJoF Index represents about 5% of the total openings tracked by Burning Glass.  The data included in the Index does not measure actual jobs, but rather the number of posted job openings. As such, it serves as a proxy for job demand, and allows the user to better understand the trends and patterns in the labor market and the historical, current, and potential demand for jobs. The data used in the Index is influenced by the availability and prevalence of online job offerings, and the ability of Burning Glass to access those openings and scrub them for duplications. The index measures US domestic job openings and is not designed to directly inform users of potential outsourcing of employment opportunities or shifts of existing staff within companies.  On a regular basis, Burning Glass adjusts the mix of occupations included in its data set, based on changes in the marketplace and job postings. In some cases, occupations may be split, combined, or eliminated. Cognizant and ESI ThoughtLab review the index composition regularly and may make changes and adjustments if needed.  This may alter some reported data, as Burning Glass will go back and adjust the totals for previous time periods to reflect the change.  Burning Glass Labor Insight™ Real-time Labor Market Information The index draws its job openings data from Burning Glass Technologies\u2019 Labor Insight™ Real-time Labor Market Information tool. Burning Glass was founded in 1999 with the goal of developing the world\u2019s leading technologies for matching people with jobs. Its technologies deliver intuitive insight across a range of functions, including workforce and economic development and career exploration and counseling, as well as job matching. Its pioneering solutions leverage a deep understanding of people and their careers in order to deliver superior workforce and marketplace insight. Burning Glass\u2019s patented artificial intelligence engine learns from actual career patterns as observed in both structured and natural language contexts in order to deliver an intuitive, real-time awareness of how and when people move from job to job and of the kinds of skills and experiences that lead to successful placement. Selection criteria We identified the occupations for inclusion in the Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index through a selection process that included quantitative analysis of the Burning Glass data by ESI ThoughtLab, combined with expert opinion from the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work. We selected 45 occupations for inclusion in the CJoF, all representing jobs that the team identified as important for the future US workforce. The selection process included a mix of both objective data analysis and subjective insight based upon an understanding of the emerging job markets by both the Cognizant and ESI Thoughtlab teams.  In addition to the 45 actual occupations, we created five proxy jobs to represent potential new occupations identified in the Center for the Future of Work\u2019s recent publication, 21 Jobs of the Future and 21 More Jobs of the Future.  For these proxy jobs, we identified potential occupations for each proxy based upon the Cognizant job description and the current occupations likely to evolve into, or merge with, that new occupation. For each proxy job, Cognizant and ESI ThoughtLab applied weights of either 15%, 35%, or 50% to component occupations to reflect their impact on the proxy job. To avoid double-counting, all the occupations included in the proxy jobs were excluded from the remainder of the Index. The table below specifies each proxy job and its occupation components. Proxy job Occupation components Augmented reality (AR) journey builder Actor Choreographer Copywriter Art director Graphic designer / desktop publisher Set / exhibit designer Multimedia designer / animator Cyber calamity forecaster Web designer Web developer Computer programmer Computer systems engineer / architect Insurance underwriter Actuary Loss prevention/ asset protection specialist Fitness commitment counselor Dietary aide Nutrition / dietetic technician Dietitian / nutritionist Fitness / wellness manager Exercise physiologist / specialist Health educator / coach Personal trainer / fitness instructor Master of edge computing Mechanical / electrical drafter Systems analyst Electrical and electronics technician Electronics engineer Telecommunications engineering specialist Tidewater architect Conservation scientists / park ranger Marine engineer / architect Soil / plant scientist Wildlife biologist Environmental compliance specialist Environmental engineering technician Landscape architect Surveying / mapping technician Environmental planner / scientist Hydrologist Water / wastewater engineer Our team divided the index into eight job families, consisting of groupings of occupations by skills and function (see table below). These groupings allow for comparison of individual jobs to their job families, as well as between and among job families. Job family Occupations Algorithmic, automation, and artificial intelligence Master of edge computing Cyber calamity forecaster Chief information officer / director of information technology Computer scientist Technology consultant Business intelligence architect / developer Mechatronics engineer Robotics engineer Data scientist Cyber / information security engineer / analyst Software developer / engineer Mobile applications developer Video game designer Robotics technician Security / defense intelligence analyst Surveillance officer / investigator Customer experience (CX) AR journey builder Business development / sales manager Social media strategist / specialist UI / UX designer / developer Fashion designer Sales engineer Environmental Tidewater architect Alternative energy manager Sustainability specialist Solar engineer Solar installer Environmental engineer Fitness and wellness Fitness commitment counselor Family / behavioral therapist Home health aide Caregiver / personal care aide Health care (HC) Biostatistician Biomedical engineer Physician Registered nurse Health information manager / director Health technician / technologist (other) Genetic counselor Biomedical equipment technician Legal and financial services Personal financial advisor Risk manager / analyst Attorney Transportation Aerospace engineer Urban / transportation planner Avionics technician Transportation supervisor Work culture Training and development specialist Industrial-organizational psychologist Career counselor Index team and responsibilities The Cognizant Jobs of the Future Index was created by The Cognizant Center for the Future of Work in collaboration with ESI ThoughtLab. The Cognizant team included Ben Pring, vice president and Co-founder of the Center and Managing Director, and Rob Brown, assistant vice president. The ESI ThoughtLab team included Lou Celi, chief executive, Dr. Daniel Miles, chief economist, Steve Wray, director of regional economics and labor, and Rebecca DeJoseph, senior economist. The Cognizant Center for the Future of Work conceived of the index and was responsible for final selection of the occupations included in the index, the design of the proxy jobs, and the identification of the Job Families. Cognizant decides on the occupations included in the index and any future adjustments to the Index. ESI ThoughtLab is responsible for managing the data and maintaining the analytical platform for the index. ESI ThoughtLab maintains quality control over the index, implements any changes to the index as directed by Cognizant, and provides data analysis to support Cognizant\u2019s thought leadership efforts. Copyright © Copyright 2020, Cognizant. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the express written permission from Cognizant. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. All other trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. × Job Families Dive deeper into the job families that make up the index Algorithms, Automation and AI 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: × Customer Experience 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Environmental 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Fitness and Wellness 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Healthcare 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Legal and Financial Services 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Transport 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × Work Culture 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: Click each row for more details View by: % Growth Switch Index Comparison × CJoF Index Families Learn how the index is calculated 2020, Q1 % Qtr.Change: % Year Change: Qtr. Jobs Change: Total Jobs: × TAKE THE FIRST STEP Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today\u2019s new digital capabilities is vast and growing. Let\u2019s talk about how digital can work for your business. NAME* Please Enter Valid First Name EMAIL* Please Enter a Valid Email Address ORGANIZATION* Please Enter Valid Company Name CONTACT NUMBER* Please Enter Valid Contact Number REGION* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Please Input the Region INQUIRY TYPE* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Please Input the Inquiry Type SUBINQUIRY TYPE* Cognizant Alumni Job Seeker Entry-Level Job Seeker Experienced Job Seeker Former Employee Verification Interview Status Login Issues Offered Candidates Other Please Input the SubInquiry Type MESSAGE Please Enter A Message SUBMIT Thank you for your interest in Cognizant. We\u2019ll be in touch soon. × Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2020 Cognizant, all rights reserved INDUSTRIES Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities SERVICES Cognizant Digital Business Artificial Intelligence Digital Engineering Digital Strategy Interactive Internet of Things Cognizant Digital Operations Enterprise Services Industry & Platform Solutions Intelligent Process Automation Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology Application Services Cloud Enablement Cognizant Infrastructure Services Cognizant Security Core Modernization Digital Engineering Enterprise Application Services Quality Engineering & Assurance COGNIZANT CONSULTING LATEST THINKING Our Media & Publications All Latest Thinking Browse Case Studies Cognizant Podcasts Cognizanti Journal Digitally Cognizant Blog Infographics Perspectives Key Themes AI Primary Research Blockchain Primary Research Blockchain Solutions Code Halos Digital Maturity Research When Machines Do Everything World Economic Forum\u2014Davos Center for the Future of Work 21 More Jobs of the Future Digital Workforce of the Future Explore the Future of Work Jobs of the Future Index Our Post-COVID Future The Work Ahead ABOUT COGNIZANT 2018 Business Snapshot Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Cognizant Events Contact Us Corporate Governance Corporate Integrity Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sustainability Talent Worldwide Women Empowered GLOSSARY INFORMATION FOR SUPPLIERS Procure-to-Pay BACK TO TOP"
}