{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.curv.co/careers/#1562596646011-c3c219ba-ad07",
    "DomainId": "curv",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.curv.co/careers/",
        "https://www.curv.co/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.curv.co%2Fcareers%2F",
        "https://www.curv.co/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.curv.co%2Fcareers%2F&format=xml"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Careers \u2013 Curv \u2013 Institutional Wallet powered by MPC",
    "Hash": "B5BDA02F3919C7658A825D0B31BCFCE9",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Skip to content Menu Technology Solutions Curv Wallet Service Curv Air Gap Use Cases About Us Company Careers News Blog Request Demo Help Us Change Digital Asset Security Building the future of digital asset security is not easy but quite interesting. We\u2019re looking for creative innovators who share our passion. View Careers What Our Employees Have to Say Shaked Shauli DevOps Lead Working at Curv means being able to impact company processes every day. I deliver cutting-edge security solutions to the market all while working with some of the most talented people (and friends) in the industry. Alon Navon Product Manager Every day there\u2019s a new challenge. Few products integrate everything from cutting-edge Mathematics and native crypto libraries to high availability SaaS and user-friendly interfaces on PC and mobile. It\u2019s so amazing when all the pieces just come together. Moran ben Tulila Software Engineer Curv is made up of extremely intelligent, hardworking people who are enthusiastic about solving big problems. We collaborate and challenge one another but also respect our team member\u2019s ideas, strengths, and opinions. Curv Offices NYC Tel Aviv Hong Kong Paris Current Job Openings Front-End/Tech Team Leader Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv, an exciting startup, is a cloud-based wallet that provides bulletproof protection, instant availability and total autonomy over all digital assets. Curv\u2019s solution is powered by revolutionary cryptography. Join a multidisciplinary, strong and focused team to transform the way organizations engage with digital assets. Members of the engineering team will build a secure and scalable service on multiple clouds and tackle challenging technological tasks. We are looking for a talented Frontend Tech/Team lead. You\u2019ll lead the Frontend React developers, developing the web application which allows organizations to manage their crypto assets safely. The process is centered on users\u2019 needs, resulting in intuitive interactions and providing a pleasant and smooth user experience. Your job will be working on a React-based application, implementing pixel-perfect components and screens and working on expanding the platform\u2019s architecture and capabilities. Responsibilities Be responsible for the development of the web application including business-critical components and processes, technological challenges and more. Develop Typescript based state of the art management platform which orchestrates the control path of the system. Prototype and develop new features. Innovate with new UI structures, front-end capabilities, platforms, and technologies. Requirements Highly skilled Frontend tech lead with 6 or more years of experience in the development of complex, enterprise-grade systems. Leadership skills Hands-on experience with React, Redux/Mobx, Webpack, CSS, Yarn/npm, Node, etc. Experience OOP coding in Javascript. Deep understanding of HTML/CSS layouts. Excellent user experience intuition and skills. Ability to work and learn independently as well as in a team environment. Fluent in English (written and verbal) and has excellent communication skills. Advantages Background in UI design / graphic design. Experience in B2C web apps. BSc/BA in Computer Science (or equivalent) Security Assessment and Operations Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv, an exciting startup, is a cloud-based wallet that provides bulletproof protection, instant availability and total autonomy over all digital assets. Curv\u2019s solution is powered by revolutionary cryptography. The security and operations role is dedicated to making our products and technologies as secure as possible. You will report directly to the CISO and CTO, but work closely with engineering teams, product teams, and others across the organization to integrate security into the product lifecycle from design through deployment while helping the organization meet its compliance needs. Responsibilities You\u2019ll be trusted to conduct security assessments and be in charge with all the compliance aspects of the company. Depending on the project you may perform white, black, or grey box assessments and may develop proof of concept code to demonstrate the severity of findings. You\u2019ll find and break down complicated technical issues and the risks they pose to programmers, network engineers, system administrators, and management. You will collaborate with those teams to ensure correct design, development, and implementation of internal and customer facing projects. You will be a key member of a team dedicated to overseeing and conducting these programs across Curv\u2019s businesses. Requirements Experience leading and performing analysis on customer facing applications, websites, and large enterprise networks The ability to work with stakeholders throughout the vulnerability lifecycle to communicate issues and provide remediation guidance Proficiency in at least one scripting language such as Python Experience developing custom tools when necessary Knowledge of ubiquitous encryption technologies (PGP, SSH, SSL, etc.) and common authentication protocols (OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, KERBEROS, etc.) Knowledge of secure network design and system architecture SOC2/ISO27001 and relevant compliance knowledge \u2013 advantage Senior DevOps Engineer Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv, an exciting startup, is a cloud-based wallet that provides bulletproof protection, instant availability and total autonomy over all digital assets. Curv\u2019s solution is powered by revolutionary cryptography. Join a multidisciplinary, strong and focused team to transform the way organizations engage with digital assets. Members of the engineering team will build a secure and scalable service on multiple clouds and tackle challenging technological tasks. Responsibilities Automate delivery processes in the R&D from commit to production Apply new solutions, processes, and technologies Build a fast, reliable, and stable infrastructure Requirements Passion and enthusiasm for DevOps 🙂 At least 5 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience in Cloud Infrastructure (AWS / GCP) and Linux Experience in Infrastructure-as-a-code (Terraform / Cloudformation etc) At least 2 years experience in modern CI tool (Jenkins / TeamCity / Bamboo etc) Knowledge of Container technologies including Docker and Kubernetes Strong technical troubleshooting skills Experience with Git Experience with Python Experience with a modern monitoring system (Datadog etc) \u2013 Advantage! Experience in Postgres \u2013 Advantage! Experience in Istio \u2013 Advantage! Senior Backend Developer Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv is a well-funded startup, backed by major investors in the cyber and crypto industries. We use innovative cryptography to deliver a SaaS solution that revolutionizes the way financial institutions protect their assets in the digital economy. We\u2019re looking for exceptional Senior Backend Engineers to develop Curv\u2019s SaaS solution. Responsibilities Integrate with various blockchains and cryptocurrencies Design and build a fault tolerant, scalable, complex backend infrastructure (microservices, APIs, data pipelines) for our SaaS solution Integrate with leading players in the fintech industry OUR TECH STACK Mostly Python Some Node.js and C++ Django GCP AWS Docker Kubernetes Requirements At least 5 years of experience with backend engineering in one of the following languages: Python/C++/Java/Scala/C#/Go Experience working with a cloud platform such as AWS/GCP/Azure Experience working with Docker and Kubernetes SaaS experience Experience in high scale environments advantages Knowledge in Cryptography Experience with blockchain development Startup experience, BSc/BA in Computer Science (or equivalent). You know what\u2019s a \u2018Byzantine Fault Tolerance\u2019 and how cryptocurrencies achieve it 🙂 C++ Expert Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv, an exciting startup, is a cloud-based wallet that provides bulletproof protection, instant availability and total autonomy over all digital assets. Curv\u2019s solution is powered by revolutionary cryptography. Responsibilities Join a multidisciplinary, strong and focused team to transform the way organizations engage with digital assets. Members of the engineering team will build a secure and scalable service on multiple clouds and tackle challenging technological tasks. In this role, you will bring state-of-the-art cryptographic protocols to desktops, servers, and mobile devices. Requirements Strong proficiency in modern C++ and experience with microservices architecture. Experience with the following is an advantage: Backend development in Python and Node.js. Mathematical maturity Product Manager Tel Aviv OVERVIEW Curv, an exciting startup, a cloud-based wallet that gives bulletproof protection, instant availability & total autonomy over all digital assets, powered by revolutionary cryptography. Join a strong, focused, and multidisciplinary team to transform the way organizations engage with digital assets. Responsibilities Take ownership of features, working closely with R&D to implement them. Interact with customers to collect feedback and design upcoming features. Analyze competition and help position our solution in the market. Take part in building a product vision. Requirements Highly technical product definition (APIs, crypto) 2+ years of experience as a product manager and/or  Software development background. Experience managing UX & designers Leadership experience or project management background. Attention to detail. Help Us Grow © Curv 2020. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Home Technology Curv Wallet Service Air Gap Use Cases News About us Blog Careers Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Curv 2020. All rights reserved. Learn more about our exciting Series A announcement from Curv's Co-founder and CEO Itay Malinger Announcing our Series A Technology Solutions ▼ Curv Wallet Service Curv Air Gap Use Cases About Us ▼ Company Careers News Blog Request Demo We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy",
    "Url": "https://www.curv.co/careers/#1562596646011-c3c219ba-ad07"
}