{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.dfuse.io/zh/careers",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dfuse.io/en/careers",
        "https://www.dfuse.io/zh/careers"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "ethereum",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "招贤纳士",
    "Hash": "C5DFD2B083EC4EAA6F92F7529E435627",
    "Url": "https://www.dfuse.io/zh/careers",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "dfuse",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "EOSIO 适用于： EOSIO 主网 Worbli WAX EOSIO 测试网 CryptoKylin 测试网 你的专属网络 以太坊（内测版） 适用于： Ethereum 主网 Ropsten Solana Coming soon... 登录 帮助 EN Star 关于我们 技术 价格 文档 博客 GITHUB 获取免费账户   加入 dfuse 团队 如果你有影响力，能实现想法，并热衷于塑造区块链的未来，看看下面发布的职位，与我们联系，让我们能了解到你。 dfuse 通过提供强大而可靠的 API 来构建次世代应用程序，从而编排全球的区块链信息流。 dfuse的团队由多个连环技术企业家组成，总部位于加拿大蒙特利尔，并得到全球投资者的支持 我们重视执行速度，重视出色的工具和到位的测试。 我们重视简洁性，每天都在努力地去提供更好的解决方案。 我们重视不断深入地学习，直到理解源代码为止。 我们重视思想的碰撞，为了更好的点子的诞生。 即使没有看到最合适的工作，您也可以联系我们 我们不想错过认识你的机会。 Developer Ambassador   Title: Developer Ambassador Location: Montreal, QC Type: Full-time   We are looking for a Developer Ambassador to work on one of the most fascinating challenges within the blockchain space. Together, we will work to build the most exciting developer platform that will enable the next generation of blockchain applications. dfuse seeks a versatile Developer Ambassador that will be responsible for creating comprehensive product documentation that\u2019s accurate and effective. This includes responsibility for the development and delivery of user guides, training tutorials, videos, and reference content for our API product and other technologies. In this role, you should consider yourself a strong customer experience advocate to ensure developers have correct and useful resources. You will also collaborate with the team to create open-source demos to be hosted on dfuse Labs.   About us: dfuse, the blockchain API company, helps developers build performant applications by organizing the world's decentralized data. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by major venture capitalists. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship very good solutions, every day. We value voracious learning that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach and understand the source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Our team receives a top-tier benefits package and combined with a workplace culture that values immediate feedback and collaboration, dfuse is the place to learn and explore. Given the variety of our challenges, there is no limit to your growth.   What we\u2019re looking for Experience writing technical content for developers with a hands-on approach to documentation; Ability to create elegant, clear, concise, and stylistically consistent documents for complex software applications, APIs and Internet technologies; Agility in learning new technologies and processes; Drive to find innovative ways to consistently improve product content and communication; Competence in any mainstream programming language, Javascript a big plus; Experience in blockchain technology and decentralized applications is a plus; Team player and strong communication skills; Empathetic and understanding approach to customer service when speaking with community; Interested in equity stake.   Responsibilities: Exceptional Technical Writer Own the entire API documentation pipeline, including planning, content design, writing, editing, providing sample code, testing, and deployment; Design and create use case, application tutorials, short-form videos, webinars, online help, user guides, release notes, and knowledge base; Leverage data and analytics tools to gain actionable insights across application usage trends to better understand how users engage with your content and identify areas for improvement; Define internal documentation process to ensure content stays up-to-date.   Developer Experience Enhancer Put yourself in the shoes of the users, be a first-hand user of our APIs, libraries and services to understand their needs and provide feedback to product development team; Collaborate with product development and marketing teams to oversee the user experience from feature conception until launch; Ensure clarity, consistency, and quality across all content deliverables and formats to ensure the product documentation fits into a unified enablement journey for our customers.   Community Ambassador Actively participate in the online developer community, evangelize the APIs to developers, provide support where needed and feed input from the community back to development team to improve our solutions.   Benefits to You: Amazing mix of remote and office work - best of both worlds Comprehensive health care benefits package Flexible paid time off and vacation policy We are voracious learners, so we have monthly hackathons and push collaboration to the next level Weekly team lunch and learns to catch up on community happenings and new tech Appealing stock options plan   We\u2019re a team of self-starters who love to grab tasks by the armful, support each other and the global community, and build the technology that will drive tomorrow\u2019s Web 3.0. If this resonates with you, we would be thrilled to hear from you.     APPLY Data Scientist   Position: Data Scientist Location: Montreal, QC Type: Full-time We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to work on one of the most fascinating challenges within the blockchain space. Together, we will work to build the most exciting data solutions that will enable the next generation of blockchain applications. As a Data Scientist, you will have the opportunity to play a key role in the development of the company. You will thrive and develop a unique expertise at the intersection of data science and blockchain.. You will gain a deep level of exposure to the data of the most performant blockchain technologies.  About us: dfuse, the blockchain API company, helps developers build performant applications by organizing the world's decentralized data. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by major VCs. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship very good solutions, every day. We value voracious learning that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach and understand the source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Our team receives a top-tier benefits package and combined with a workplace culture that values immediate feedback and collaboration, dfuse is the place to learn and explore. Given the variety of our challenges, there is no limit to your growth. Responsibilities: Master the data structures and transaction semantics of blockchains;  Run deep data analysis of the blockchain to provide unique insights and identify product and service opportunities; Deliver data and data analysis on an ad-hoc basis to satisfy everyone\u2019s curiosity, and be curious; Serve as the data and analytics blockchain expert, evangelizing data literacy and building a suite of tools to empower the team to make data-informed decisions: dashboards, reports, ad-hoc queries, insightful observations Provide support and expertise to the Product development team in defining KPIs, technical data requirements and instrumentation to ensure all product features and initiatives launch with proper metric tracking; Collect and analyze large datasets to create and optimise algorithmic based products; Produce data visualizations to communicate findings and actionable recommendations to internal stakeholders clearly and effectively. Evangelize the power of analytics to improve our business and operations   What we\u2019re looking for: Efficient problem solver with a creative thinking; Extensive working experience in data science; Strong SQL capabilities; Strong programming skills with open-source data science tools; Experience with big data tech stack and big data processing; Experience with GCP, AWS and/or Azure services; Experience in data mining and machine learning is a plus; Team player and excellent communication skills; Interested in equity stake.   Benefits to You: Amazing mix of remote and office work - best of both worlds Comprehensive health care benefits package Flexible paid time off and vacation policy We are voracious learners, so we have monthly hackathons and push collaboration to the next level Weekly team lunch and learns to catch up on community happenings and new tech Appealing stock options plan   We\u2019re a team of self-starters who love to grab tasks by the armful, support each other and the global community, and build the technology that will drive tomorrow\u2019s Web 3.0. If this resonates with you, we would be thrilled to hear from you.   APPLY   感谢您考虑在 dfuse 的机会。 如果您认为您的技能和经验与在 dfuse 的职业一致，请随时与我们联系。   我们感谢所有人的申请，但只有受选参加面试人。 免费注册并启动开发 获取免费账户 公司 关于我们 价格 招贤纳士 品牌推广资源 博客 区块链词典（EOSIO & 以太坊） 技术 dfuse Stream dfuse Lifecycle dfuse Search dfuse Workers dfuse 定制网络 dfuse 区块浏览器 开发者 文档 Github库 dfuse Labs 支持 帮助中心 社区支持 联系我们 Star © 2018-2020 dfuse 版权所有 隐私政策 · 服务条款"
}