{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.dfuse.io/en/careers",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.dfuse.io/en/careers",
        "https://www.dfuse.io/zh/careers"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "mainnet",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Careers at dfuse",
    "Hash": "27C1FB142E2C378C57F16CF08275568F",
    "Url": "https://www.dfuse.io/en/careers",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "dfuse",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "EOSIO Available on: EOS Mainnet Worbli WAX EOSIO Testnet CryptoKylin Testnet Your own network Ethereum (Alpha) Available on: Ethereum Mainnet Ropsten Solana Coming soon... LOGIN HELP 中文 Star ABOUT US TECH PRICING DOCS BLOG GITHUB GET STARTED FOR FREE   Join the dfuse Team If you\u2019re impactful, you love to get stuff done, and passionate about shaping the future of blockchain, check out the jobs posted below and get in touch with us! dfuse is organizing the world's blockchain information flows by providing robust and reliable APIs to build next-generation applications. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by global investors. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship slick solutions, every day. We value voracious learning that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach and understand the source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Reach out to us even if the perfect job is not listed here.  We don\u2019t want to miss out on the opportunity to learn more about you. Full Stack Developer Developer Ambassador Data Scientist Full Stack Developer Title: Full Stack Developer Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada Type: Full-time   We are looking for a Full Stack developer to work on one of the most pressing challenges in the blockchain space. Together, we will build the slickest developer platform to power the next generation of blockchain applications. As a Full Stack Developer at dfuse, you will design data systems and make them perform at scale. You will help the product team to create amazing user experiences. Given the variety of our challenges, the opportunity for growth is very high.   About us: dfuse, the blockchain API company, helps developers build performant applications by organizing the world's decentralized data. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by major venture capitalists. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship very good solutions, every day. We value voracious learning, one that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach for source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Our team receives a top-tier benefits package and combined with a workplace culture that values immediate feedback and collaboration. dfuse is the place to learn and explore.   What we\u2019re looking for Great communication skills (English or French, verbal and written); 5+ years of Full-Stack Development Experience; Strong software engineering skills; Experience with, or enthusiasm for Go; Experience with React and Kubernetes a plus; Interest for data processing; Interest for design or UX; Strong interest in blockchain (EOS and Ethereum, more to come);   Responsibilities: Software development Driving scalability and performance improvements in the front-end and back-end of the platform; Collaborating with the product team to create amazing user experience; Working closely with other back-end developers to build data services; Producing high quality, well-designed, efficient, self-documenting and tested code; Writing software (k8s operators) and configuration that defines and manages our deployment using Kubernetes. Application performance Profiling and monitoring end user calls to drive performance improvements and optimizations.   Benefits to You: Amazing mix of remote and office work - best of both worlds Comprehensive health care benefits package Flexible paid time off and vacation policy We are voracious learners, so we have monthly hackathons and push collaboration to the next level Weekly team lunch and learns to catch up on community happenings and new tech Appealing stock options plan   We\u2019re a team of self-starters who love to grab tasks by the armful, support each other and the global community, and build the technology that will drive tomorrow\u2019s Web 3.0. If this resonates with you, we would be thrilled to hear from you.       If you are interested in joining our team please send us your resume below, along with a short introduction telling us more about yourself and how you can contribute to dfuse.   JOIN US     Developer Ambassador Title: Developer Ambassador Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada or open to remote Type: Full-time   We are looking for a Developer Ambassador to work on one of the most fascinating challenges within the blockchain space. Together, we will work to build the most exciting developer platform that will enable the next generation of blockchain applications. dfuse seeks a versatile Developer Ambassador that will be responsible for creating comprehensive product documentation that\u2019s accurate and effective. This includes responsibility for the development and delivery of user guides, training tutorials, videos, and reference content for our API product and other technologies. In this role, you should consider yourself a strong customer experience advocate to ensure developers have correct and useful resources. You will also collaborate with the team to create open-source demos to be hosted on dfuse Labs.   About us: dfuse, the blockchain API company, helps developers build performant applications by organizing the world's decentralized data. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by major venture capitalists. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship slick solutions, every day. We value voracious learning that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach and understand the source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Our team receives a top-tier benefits package and combined with a workplace culture that values immediate feedback and collaboration, dfuse is the place to learn and explore. Given the variety of our challenges, there is no limit to your growth.   What we\u2019re looking for Experience writing technical content for developers with a hands-on approach to documentation; Ability to create elegant, clear, concise, and stylistically consistent documents for complex software applications, APIs and Internet technologies; Agility in learning new technologies and processes; Drive to find innovative ways to consistently improve product content and communication; Competence in any mainstream programming language, Javascript a big plus; Experience in blockchain technology and decentralized applications is a plus; Team player and strong communication skills; Empathetic and understanding approach to customer service when speaking with community; Interested in equity stake.   Responsibilities: Exceptional Technical Writer Own the entire API documentation pipeline, including planning, content design, writing, editing, providing sample code, testing, and deployment; Design and create use case, application tutorials, short-form videos, webinars, online help, user guides, release notes, and knowledge base; Leverage data and analytics tools to gain actionable insights across application usage trends to better understand how users engage with your content and identify areas for improvement; Define internal documentation process to ensure content stays up-to-date.   Developer Experience Enhancer Put yourself in the shoes of the users, be a first-hand user of our APIs, libraries and services to understand their needs and provide feedback to product development team; Collaborate with product development and marketing teams to oversee the user experience from feature conception until launch; Ensure clarity, consistency, and quality across all content deliverables and formats to ensure the product documentation fits into a unified enablement journey for our customers.   Community Ambassador Actively participate in the online developer community, evangelize the APIs to developers, provide support where needed and feed input from the community back to development team to improve our solutions.   Benefits to You: Amazing mix of remote and office work - best of both worlds Comprehensive health care benefits package Flexible paid time off and vacation policy We are voracious learners, so we have monthly hackathons and push collaboration to the next level Weekly team lunch and learns to catch up on community happenings and new tech Appealing stock options plan   We\u2019re a team of self-starters who love to grab tasks by the armful, support each other and the global community, and build the technology that will drive tomorrow\u2019s Web 3.0. If this resonates with you, we would be thrilled to hear from you.       If you are interested in joining our team please send us your resume below, along with a short introduction telling us more about yourself and how you can contribute to dfuse.   JOIN US     Data Scientist Position: Data Scientist Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada Type: Full-time   We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to work on one of the most fascinating challenges within the blockchain space. Together, we will work to build the most exciting data solutions that will enable the next generation of blockchain applications. As a Data Scientist, you will have the opportunity to play a key role in the development of the company. You will thrive and develop a unique expertise at the intersection of data science and blockchain.. You will gain a deep level of exposure to the data of the most performant blockchain technologies.  About us: dfuse, the blockchain API company, helps developers build performant applications by organizing the world's decentralized data. Founded by a team of serial tech entrepreneurs, dfuse is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and is backed by major VCs. We value speed of execution through great tooling and proper testing. We value simplicity and cutting the cruft to ship slick solutions, every day. We value voracious learning that doesn\u2019t stop until you reach and understand the source code. We value collision of ideas to produce better ideas. Our team receives a top-tier benefits package and combined with a workplace culture that values immediate feedback and collaboration, dfuse is the place to learn and explore. Given the variety of our challenges, there is no limit to your growth. Responsibilities: Master the data structures and transaction semantics of blockchains;  Run deep data analysis of the blockchain to provide unique insights and identify product and service opportunities; Deliver data and data analysis on an ad-hoc basis to satisfy everyone\u2019s curiosity, and be curious; Serve as the data and analytics blockchain expert, evangelizing data literacy and building a suite of tools to empower the team to make data-informed decisions: dashboards, reports, ad-hoc queries, insightful observations Provide support and expertise to the Product development team in defining KPIs, technical data requirements and instrumentation to ensure all product features and initiatives launch with proper metric tracking; Collect and analyze large datasets to create and optimise algorithmic based products; Produce data visualizations to communicate findings and actionable recommendations to internal stakeholders clearly and effectively. Evangelize the power of analytics to improve our business and operations   What we\u2019re looking for: Efficient problem solver with a creative thinking; Extensive working experience in data science; Strong SQL capabilities; Strong programming skills with open-source data science tools; Experience with big data tech stack and big data processing; Experience with GCP, AWS and/or Azure services; Experience in data mining and machine learning is a plus; Team player and excellent communication skills; Interested in equity stake.   Benefits to You: Amazing mix of remote and office work - best of both worlds Comprehensive health care benefits package Flexible paid time off and vacation policy We are voracious learners, so we have monthly hackathons and push collaboration to the next level Weekly team lunch and learns to catch up on community happenings and new tech Appealing stock options plan   We\u2019re a team of self-starters who love to grab tasks by the armful, support each other and the global community, and build the technology that will drive tomorrow\u2019s Web 3.0. If this resonates with you, we would be thrilled to hear from you.       If you are interested in joining our team please send us your resume below, along with a short introduction telling us more about yourself and how you can contribute to dfuse.   JOIN US     What\u2019s a better interface than an API? We take a design first approach to building slick APIs.   Could there be a more fitting way to start a career at the blockchain API company? Submit your job application through gRPC using the following protobuf and this endpoint: jobs.api.dfuse.dev:443   \nsyntax = \"proto3\";\npackage dfuse.djob.v1;\nservice DJob {\n    rpc GetToken(TokenRequest) returns (TokenResponse);\n    rpc Apply(ApplyRequest) returns (ApplyResponse);\n}\nmessage TokenRequest {\n}\nmessage TokenResponse {\n    string token = 1;\n}\nmessage ApplyRequest {\n    string token = 1;\n    string name = 2;\n    string email = 3;\n    string resume = 4; //or LinkedIn\n    string github = 5;\n    string tabs_vs_spaces = 6;\n    string twitter = 7; // optional\n    string location = 8; // optional\n    string superpower = 9;\n}\nmessage ApplyResponse {\n    bool successful = 1;\n    string message = 2;\n}\n Sign up for free and start building with dfuse GET STARTED FOR FREE Company About us Pricing Careers Branding Assets Blog ABCs of EOSIO & Ethereum Technology dfuse Stream dfuse Lifecycle dfuse Search dfuse Workers dfuse On Demand Networks dfuse Block Explorer Developers Documentation Helper Libraries dfuse Labs Sponsored Hackathons Support EOSIO Developers Ethereum Developers Help Center Contact Form Star © 2018-2020 dfuse. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy · Terms of Service"
}