{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/researcher-permanent",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/researcher-permanent"],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "FF1",
    "Hash": "69955F7892E5C427A664897D2EC79199",
    "Url": "https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/researcher-permanent",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "finfabrik",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": ".... SOLUTION .. 方案 .. 方案 ........ MISSION .. 使命 .. 使命 ........ PEOPLE .. 團隊 .. 团队 ........ NEWS & VIEWS.. 消息與觀點 .. 消息与观点 ........ CONTACT .. 聯繫 .. 联系 .... EN 繁 简 Researcher - Permanent Hong Kong R&D about the role You will Lead quantitative research and general ownership of theoretical/ mathematical foundation and frameworks, with works in specific technology areas: application of AI, quantitative applied modelling Design trading and business analytics and intelligence application for our enterprise investment software Collaborate closely with business and development teams to set agenda, prioritise and align on the software development Requirements If you are not a perfect match with the skills laid out below but think you would add to our team, please let us know why. PhD or Master\u2019s degree in Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science or equivalent 1-2 year proven research and development experience in data analytics, quantitative trading, machine learning or equivalent Experience with atleast 2 frameworks: R, Python, SQL Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, Theano, Caffe is an advantage Domain knowledge in pricing modelling, portfolio optimisation and investment application Knowledge in blockchain protocols and standards and its industry trends is an asset Understanding of Agile design and development process Fluent in English and Chinese, both verbal and written Self-motivated, can-do attitude and passionate about communicating ideas with team members \u200d Benefits Company equity Performance bonus Flexible working arrangements Unlimited holidays Health insurance Application process You will have interviews with future team members via calls and face to face meetings Please apply by sending your CV and a cover letter on why would you like to be at this position, with your salary expectation and earliest availability by email: \u200d JOIN@FINFABRIK.COM"
}