{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/associate-ux-designer-researcher-permanent",
    "DomainId": "finfabrik",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/associate-ux-designer-researcher-permanent"],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Language": "English",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "FF1",
    "Hash": "1C8C8633A7A1CEF85EB8F684FBF6E06B",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": ".... SOLUTION .. 方案 .. 方案 ........ MISSION .. 使命 .. 使命 ........ PEOPLE .. 團隊 .. 团队 ........ NEWS & VIEWS.. 消息與觀點 .. 消息与观点 ........ CONTACT .. 聯繫 .. 联系 .... EN 繁 简 Associate UX Designer / Researcher - Permanent Hong Kong Product & UX Design about the role You will Participate in the design process of our core product, running quickly ahead of the development team to guide the product roadmap with validated ideas that ensure the highest user and client satisfaction Bring data-based insights into debates that help the team define priority and effectiveness of solutions Take part in the entire development cycle, seeing ideas implemented and evaluate their success We are not looking for someone to design pretty interfaces. We are looking for someone to explore the market needs, connect it with the product vision, rapidly test ideas, and finally, output useful learnings and recommendations to the product team. Requirements If you are not a perfect match with the skills laid out below but think you would add to our team, please let us know why. 1 year of hands-on UX research or design experience including user research, persona and user journey definition, wireframing and prototyping Solid grasp of user-centred testing methodologies, with experience conducting primary and secondary, generative and evaluative research Proficient in processing a huge amount of research data and generate actionable insights Designed interaction experiences for a range of devices, from mobile to desktop, with demonstrated understanding of practices for better usability and accessibility Meticulous attention to detail, while being pragmatic and making quick decisions Excellent communication skills, with a default tendency to challenge the status quo Demonstrated experience of being an evangelist of collaborative design across teams and stakeholders at all levels Habitually gather and express ideas visually via paper wireframing and prototyping Experience with prototyping tools such as InVision, Marvel or equivalent Fluency in English and Chinese \u200d Preferred but not mandatory Degree in Psychology, Interaction Design, Human Factors, Human-Computer Interaction or related fields Proficient with high-fidelity design tools such as Sketch, Figma, Adobe XD Experience and knowledge in frontend frameworks like Vuetify and Flutter Experience in designing B2B platforms with a variety of user roles Worked directly with software developers or partners like design and development consultancies Benefits Company equity Performance bonus Flexible working arrangements Unlimited holidays Health insurance Application process You will have interviews with future team members via calls and face to face meetings Please apply by sending your portfolio, CV and a cover letter on why would you like to be at this position, with your salary expectation and earliest availability by email: \u200d JOIN@FINFABRIK.COM",
    "Url": "https://www.finfabrik.com/job-openings/associate-ux-designer-researcher-permanent"
}