{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2235271",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Finance & Strategy, Director of Product Finance at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "AC8E7EBDFC98D54BACD3FD6913681FD3",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2235271",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Finance & Strategy, Director of Product Finance at Robinhood (View all jobs) Menlo Park, CA About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.    Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK. About the role This role is responsible for leading the Product Finance vertical within our Finance & Strategy (F&S) team.  Business partners appreciate the team's insight and trust us to help them solve complex problems.  This leader will work across the organization, form intelligent and data-driven opinions, and guide the team in presenting results to decision makers and executives. This leader will influence our strategic direction through financial analysis, business acumen, and judgment. This leader will help guide and mentor an existing team of strong leaders as we build out a best in class business enablement team.  Your day-to-day will involve: Providing leadership, support, and professional development opportunities to a growing vertical of skilled and ambitious finance professionals (team vertical of 8 and growing) Establishing and maintaining financial metrics and variance analysis, and working closely with the business to take actions to improve performance  Supporting product strategy, pricing, and partnership decisions using a data driven approach and analytical frameworks  Scaling financial processes, including forecasting and performance monitoring Driving process improvements across finance and being a champion for good stewardship and controls across the business Providing financial analysis and commentary to key stakeholders including Corporate FPA, Investor Relations, C-team, and the board  Developing members of your team and building the vertical to scale Some things we consider critical for this role: 15+ years of relevant finance experience, including experience in finance & strategy in a corporate environment Bachelor's degree in economics, mathematics, finance, or a related field Experience leading, developing, and growing a team Exceptional judgement including an ability to execute independently and work with team members of all levels Demonstrated experience leading complex, cross-functional workstreams Experience working directly with senior leaders Experience building and improving processes Demonstrated high standards Bonus points: Graduate degree such as an MBA or in related technical field strongly preferred Strong interest in fintech and knowledge of the industry. Experience with a consumer mobile-first business is a plus Excellent proficiency in accounting and corporate finance concepts Experience with statistical and financial data and analysis tools including Matlab, Excel/VBA, SQL, and R Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile * Work Authorization * Please selectCan work for any employer Require visa sponsorship Require visa transfer On Student Visa Not Specified Have you used Robinhood? * -- Yes No U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}