{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2228160",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Advanced Learning Specialist at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "1DB85B319283BAB107F6B1BC29FCB5A9",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2228160",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Advanced Learning Specialist at Robinhood (View all jobs) Denver, CO About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.   Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission.  Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado and London, UK.  About the role As a part of the learning and development (CX) team this role will allow us to have more impact, more quickly by making core L&D processes possible. Trainings consists of licensing preparation, licensed representative career pathing, special projects around advanced learning, leadership, industry learning, advanced case management, and future learning needs as the organization grows to align with the financial industry knowledge needs. In addition you will support new product and service trainings, system trainings, client interactions trainings, and software training. Facilitating training sessions on complex and advanced topics, including team leader training, and high level customer relations. Although it is preferred that this candidate hold licenses 7, 24, 63, & 4, it is required that the candidate holds their series 24 license. Your day-to-day will involve: Facilitating learning through a variety of delivery methods (ie. classroom, virtual training, webinars, train the trainer sessions, labs and peer-to-peer coaching) While mainly focused on advanced level learning, this position will also support introductory level learning Identifying alternate solutions/learning when delivery challenges arise (ie. materials, content, room set-up, virtual tools) Responding appropriately to learner needs (ie. providing clarification, examples, feedback) Establishing and maintaining expertise in subjects taught Managing classroom environment so it is safe and conducive to learning Evaluating the effectiveness of trainings conducted (ie. class feedback, follow-ups, surveys) Conducting peer-to-peer observations and providing coaching and feedback Communicating curriculum or program effectiveness back to leadership and/or project team lead Providing technical and/or analytical support to one or more departments or work units with limited supervision; aids in the successful completion of projects within a product or functional area Reviewing training material and providing feedback to curriculum owners as needed Managing and prioritizing multiple courses Performing other related duties as required and assigned Demonstrating behaviors which are aligned with the organization\u2019s desired culture and values Some things we consider critical for this role: Demonstrated project management experience Experience in learning effectiveness and trainer readiness preferred In depth knowledge of training processes and procedures Must be highly proficient in google tools Must be a team player with strong attention to detail and able to work independently Proven track record at delivering timely and accurate information in a fast-paced environment Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, mathematical skills and sound judgment Strong business acumen and ability to interface with executive management Securities industry Licensed with a focus to grow  Master Trainer certified desired Proven experience delivering industry learning content   Digital savviness and a command of CX tools & processes with a track record of measurable development in a customer focused career Strong customer orientation and passion for delivering high quality standards 3-5 years training experience; preferred institutional learning experience in finance  3-5 years industry experience preferred Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website How did you hear about this job? Work Authorization Please selectCan work for any employer Require visa sponsorship Require visa transfer On Student Visa Not Specified Have you used Robinhood? -- Yes No U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}