{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2193626",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Investor Relations Manager at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "990EFFBC8CC606C7D8EC67EE9498FDA4",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2193626",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Investor Relations Manager at Robinhood (View all jobs) Menlo Park, CA About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.    Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK. About the role Robinhood is looking for an intellectually curious and enthusiastic individual to help the Investors Relations team prepare for continued rapid growth.  This role will participate in all aspects of Investor Relations, including contributing to investor monthly and quarterly messaging, conducting investor focused analyses, and developing relationships with new and existing investors.  This role will also work cross-functionally across Robinhood to gain a strong fundamental understanding of Robinhood\u2019s business and make sure the company is successfully communicating its strategic and financial positioning with the investor community.  Your day-to-day will involve: Have a passion for helping build out Robinhood\u2019s IR muscle, help craft our public narrative, propose KPIs and follow business trends, and have a strong understanding of the competitive landscape Own the process of managing and updating the top investor questions list, company business overview, KPI tracking and dissemination, and executive team metric trackers Collect and maintain key business and financial metrics across peers in the industry; work with the benchmarking team to understand industry and competitors trends Partner with the communications team, to develop and disseminate internal and external messaging of KPIs, product announcements, and other Robinhood developments Assist with development of board slides, investors slides, and other content to support broader finance team initiatives Respond to inquiries from investors and analysts, and work with the communications team on media requests Develop messaging and materials for internal and external meetings Somethings we require for the role: 7+ years of investor relations experience in a late state private or publicly-traded company Strong and detailed knowledge of financial statements, equity valuation models, and reporting requirements Deep understanding of Reg FD and other SEC disclosure rules and regulations Ability and comfort working independently across cross-functional internal teams and external relationships, and the ability to project manage multiple large scale projects Ability to get things done and be comfortable with ambiguity Bachelor's degree in economics, mathematics, computer science, or related field Bonus points: Graduate degree such as an MBA or in a related field preferred Strong interest in fintech and knowledge of the industry Direct work experience in the investment community on the buy-side or sell-side Prior experience interacting with senior executive leadership team and board of directors Expertise working with Excel, SQL, R, Looker or other data management tools Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile * Website How did you hear about this job? Work Authorization * Please selectCan work for any employer Require visa sponsorship Require visa transfer On Student Visa Not Specified Have you used Robinhood? * -- Yes No U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}