{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2243185",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Head of Employee Relations at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "45919C10D5E02C61EE68F6BAC7125EAC",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2243185",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Head of Employee Relations at Robinhood (View all jobs) Menlo Park, CA About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.   Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK.  About the role Our People team plays a critical role in finding and growing world-class talent to achieve our mission and we need your help. As our Head of Employee Relations, you\u2019ll spearhead processes to navigate and cultivate resolution of employee relations activities. Our goal is to create a healthy organization where employees and managers bring their best selves to work in an environment that allows them to thrive. Your day-to-day will involve: Lead the vision for Employee Relations (ER) for our organization: You\u2019ll be responsible for creating scalable global ER strategies and programs for the business to develop the next generation of high-performing, frontline leaders. From thinking through ER-related processes to creating the workflow for how Employee Relations will collaborate with the HRBP function, your focus will not only be on working through employee relations issues, but also how we work through them. Advise on company policy and employment law requirements: Using your subject matter expertise, you will make recommendations that align with Robinhood\u2019s culture and values to help resolve complex and unique employment-related issues across the organization. You\u2019ll review and assess our current policies and Employee Relations (ER) practices, improving them to ensure we are promoting fairness while also still mitigating risk to the organization. Partner with Functional Managers, HR Business Partners, and Employment Counsel: You\u2019ll mitigate risk through best practice strategies, and by providing coaching and feedback, to ensure a positive and effective employee experience.  You\u2019ll also enable your HR Business Partners colleagues to more effectively manage employee relations. Investigate highly sensitive employee relations issues: You\u2019ll conduct interviews with employees that have filed a complaint, as well as interview those who may be considered witnesses, and make objective recommendations based on your findings. Use data to identify employee relations trends: You\u2019ll leverage metrics to diagnose organizational effectiveness and proactively develop the right training and processes for prevention. Partner with the Learning & Development and Legal to build an Employee Relations training program: Conduct one-on-one and group trainings with managers and employees around how to handle employee relations issues, investigations, reorgs and managing performance. Some things we consider critical for this role: At least 10 years of employee relations or HR business partner experience in a high growth, fast-paced environment  Ability to influence and impact multiple levels within an organization to drive holistic ER strategies Successful record of creating, improving and executing programs at scale, ability to drive and measure program effectiveness and high levels of customer satisfaction Ability to strike a balance between strategic partnership-building and rolling up your sleeves A deep sense of empathy and understanding for the needs of diverse groups of people Ability to challenge openly and have difficult conversations Comfort with interpreting and using people data to tell a story and translating it into actionable strategy A passion for advocating for others, speaking up even when it\u2019s difficult, and seeing others accomplish their goals Expertise in building trusting relationships with leaders at all levels A passion for seeing others grow through coaching, mentoring, and career development Bonus points:  Passion for working and learning in a fast-growing company Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile * Website U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}