{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2250292",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Learning Delivery Specialist at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "15994725C16EC217CB3EF66AF6CF372D",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2250292",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Learning Delivery Specialist at Robinhood (View all jobs) Denver, CO About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.   Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK.  About The Role Robinhood\u2019s Customer Experience team is committed to providing an efficient and empowering onboarding training program for new hires. In your role as a Learning Delivery Specialist, you will be empowered to help new teammates during their first weeks at Robinhood. Your work will support the rapid scaling of our CX team during their career in robinhood CX, by facilitating onboarding programs followed by upskilling,  product launches, service launches and additional robinhood, customer service, and industry needs.  As a facilitator for the classroom training program, you\u2019ll be an agent\u2019s first impression and will use exceptional empathy and product expertise to ensure our new agents learn and contribute to the mission. This means you\u2019ll have to be proactive and be willing to improvise -- you\u2019ll spend a good amount of time preparing content and iterating upon our existing program, but also adapting to new situations in the classroom. Your notes and insights from each iteration of the program will help it evolve and adapt. This role will be training security industry knowledge to customer service agents, this requires industry knowledge and experience, it is preferred that this candidate hold licenses in the security industry. Examples; SIE, 7, 63, 10, 4, 24 or others.  Your day-to-day work will involve: Deliver an outstanding classroom experience Facilitate and Co-facilitate new hire, product launch, upskilling, and other industry, related training classes  Conducts new hire, program revision and remedial training following instructional guides Evaluates trainee performance Provides written evaluations of employee performance to management as required Maintains positive, consistent communication with departments and corporate staff Reports on progress of assigned projects to Training Manager and Learning Operations Program Partner  Maintains ongoing dialogue with department leads as needed Maintains accurate training records Proactively identifies training needs within our organization  Support on-the-job training efforts Act as a bridge between classroom training and life as a fully onboarded agent  Schedule and plan out career development trainings related to CX skill leveling Proactively coach agents who exited training with training gaps to set them up for success with their new manager Creatively discover on-the-job learning experiences Grow your learning and development expertise Develop subject mastery in principles of adult education and corporate learning Explore ways to improve content and delivery for onboarding training Collaborate with project specialists to ensure content is up-to-date with new team structures, products, and initiatives Some things we consider critical for this role: 2+ years of experience in delivering L&D content  2+ Years Securities industry experience Training experience with adult learners Comfort working with geographically distributed teams Deep customer experience understanding and commitment  Bias to action and a desire to iterate and improve Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Must be a team player with strong attention to detail and able to work independently Proven track record at delivering timely and accurate information in a fast-paced environment Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, mathematical skills and sound judgment Strong business acumen and ability to interface with executive management Securities industry Licensed with focus to grow  Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing our financial system? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website How did you hear about this job? U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}