{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2201228",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Supply Chain Manager, Debit Cards at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "20773E57B16D61CACBC3E839EE156DFC",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2201228",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Supply Chain Manager, Debit Cards at Robinhood (View all jobs) Menlo Park, CA About the company Robinhood is democratizing our financial system. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.   Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, and London, UK. About the role We\u2019re looking for an experienced Supply Chain Manager to accelerate Robinhood\u2019s Cash Management debit card program and help drive the evolution of the business, working in lockstep with internal and external business partners. Reporting to the Head of Global Procurement, the Supply Chain Manager will work cross-functionally with a variety of internal groups as well as with external partners to ensure that we deliver an exceptional debit card experience and constantly improve the efficiency and scalability of our operations. The Supply Chain Manager will own the entire debit card manufacturing and delivery process, act as the first supply chain contact, be responsible for all communications, and own demand forecasting.  You should have experience in global supply chain, partner management, cost reduction, supply assurance, and risk mitigation. You possess a passion for innovative analysis, processes that scale, and the wherewithal to develop findings and recommendations that transcend the numbers. Experience in card programs, shipping & delivery, demand planning, and quality assurance is a plus. Your day-to-day will involve:  Drive efficiency and effectiveness of Robinhood debit card work-streams to ensure outstanding customer experience Manage vendor readiness and effectively communicate features and changes of physical assets to external partners, ensuring that supply plans meet the needs of the business Track and manage the efficiency of shipping and delivery of physical assets, working cross functionally across internal and external parties to ensure on-time delivery and an outstanding customer experience Design and implement inventory strategies and synthesize demand plans and inventory requirements Serve as the single point of contact for communications with external parties, resolving any issues with regards to production, shipping, SLAs, and customer complaints Identify opportunities to minimize cost and timelines through the improvement of supply chain processes, conducting periodic look backs of customer input, historical trends, and forecast results  Develop internal tools to make the supply and demand planning function sustainable and scalable Oversee program velocity and drive cross-functional conversations to manage implications  Some travel may be required (10-20%) Some things we consider critical for this role: Bachelor\u2019s degree in Business, Economics, Accounting or other related field 8+ years of experience in global supply chain management; experiences in card programs, supply planning, and quality assurance are beneficial Adept at identifying developing trends and quickly developing solutions Aptitude for driving methodical improvements using qualitative and quantitative data to inform solutions Demonstrated ability to deliver large scale projects on-time with consistently successful results while working across departments and time zones Strong modeling skills using Excel or other tools Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to develop strong working relationships Resourceful, persistent and able to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment Demonstrated ability to identify and prioritize key initiatives and related tasks Exceptional written and communication skills Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing our financial system? We\u2019d love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}