{
    "SeedUrl": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/",
        "http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2046036",
        "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/www.dol.gov/ofccp"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Application for Registered Customer Experience Representative at Robinhood",
    "Hash": "89673D3B9267E77FBF355054B87439AB",
    "Url": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/2046036",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-14",
    "DomainId": "greenhouse",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply Now Registered Customer Experience Representative at Robinhood (View all jobs) Denver, CO About the company Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.   Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We\u2019re continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission. Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK.  About The Role Robinhood\u2019s Customer Experience team is committed to providing an outstanding customer experience. In your role as a Registered Customer Experience Representative, you will be empowered to help our customers with some of their most complex issues. In particular, your work will focus on Equities trading, Margin, and Options trading related issues experienced by our fast-growing customers. Your job is not only to help our customers with the issues they encounter, but to help us learn as a company from each interaction, so that we can make our customers\u2019 experience using our products as seamless as possible. As a Registered Customer Experience Representative, you\u2019ll be the company\u2019s voice and will use exceptional empathy and product expertise to ensure our users feel understood and valued. Your mission will be to solve customer issues efficiently and effectively. See an opportunity to improve customer trust at scale, or your own team\u2019s efficiency? Self-starters who spot and solve problems thrive at Robinhood, and you\u2019ll have a special role as the voice of our customers.  The role is an opportunity within our Customer Experience team. You'll respond to a wide variety of inquiries from our customers using email, chat, and phone and will be expected to increase loyalty with every interaction. Must have the ability to work evenings and weekend hours. Your day-to-day will involve: Deliver an outstanding customer experience Solve customer issues efficiently and effectively with empathy Communicate with customers using email, chat and phone channels Influence customer happiness and loyalty metrics Drive continuous improvement to delight customers Act as the voice of the customer by identifying and communicating customer pain points or opportunities to the product and engineering organization Creatively discover ways to improve productivity for the Customer Experience team Proactively identify ways to avoid recurrence of customer contacts by recommending changes to improve processes and knowledge articles Grow your financial services expertise Develop deep subject mastery of complex financial concepts like Equities Trading, Margin, and Options Trading Master Robinhood\u2019s policies and procedures pertaining to complex customer scenarios and translate them into outstanding customer interactions Qualifications: Bachelor\u2019s Degree from an accredited institution FINRA Series 7 and 63 Licenses 2+ years experience in a support/service role for a financial services company Familiarity with financial services and the stock market Ability to think critically and apply logical problem-solving skills to isolate and resolve issues Strong written and verbal communication skills Attention to detail and strong analytical skills Must be able to act independently and be self-motivated The ability to quickly defuse customer anxiety through exceptional customer service skills Key Attributes: Deep Mastery of Complex Financial Topics Strong sense of ownership and responsibility Instinct to Problem-Solve Strong Critical Thinking and Analytical Skills (e.g. pattern recognition) The ability to concisely and accurately communicate complex topics Intolerance of Inefficiency Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? At Robinhood, we\u2019re looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Resume/CV * Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n Cover Letter Drop files here    Attach Dropbox Google Drive Paste \n LinkedIn Profile Website How did you hear about this job? U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at Robinhood are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 05/31/2023 Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor\u2019s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Autism Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or hard of hearing Depression or anxiety Diabetes Epilepsy Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual disability Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson\u2019s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS) Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Powered by  Read our Privacy Policy"
}