{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.hydrogenplatform.com/careers",
    "DomainId": "hydrogenplatform",
    "OutLinks": ["https://www.hydrogenplatform.com/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Language": "English",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Careers | Hydrogen",
    "Hash": "3C9B7A627B803AE5F76B20388F4DCD20",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Platform APIs Custom build your own applications on top of APIs No Code Quickly configure and deploy white label applications Other Platform Features Integrations | Marketplace | Element UI Library Solutions Pricing Developers About Blog Careers Company Contact Support Sign In Sign Up Join our mission to give billions access to better financial products. Are you ready to be challenged? Please keep reading if you want to be challenged at work every day, learn new things from smart people, work on the coolest new innovations, partake in a unique and interesting company culture, and oh yeah, join the next big thing in fintech... Learn from the best We only hire employees that want to be challenged and surround themselves with smart people. Mediocrity doesn't cut it here. Product focused company If you want to work at a company that values product and innovation above all else, you have come to the right place! Mission driven culture We not only believe we are creating a billion dollar company, but one that can change a billion lives. Cool tech Your personal growth is important to us, and we\u2019ll give you everything you need to make it happen. Great benefits & perks We expect a lot out of our team members, but in return everyone is treated like family! Experienced leadership This ain't our first rodeo. We are experienced entrepreneurs - no rookie mistakes here! Perks & Benefits Remote first work Work from ANYWHERE Free gym pass Casual dress code Fun company outings & retreats 401(k) plan Paid health, dental, vision insurance Flexible hours Current positions available Biz Dev & Sales Director of Partnerships New York, NY Product Technical Product Manager - Banking & Cards Any City USA (Remote) Technical Product Manager - Payments Any City USA (Remote) Technical Product Manager - Personal Finance Any City USA (Remote) Technical Product Manager - Wealth Any City USA (Remote) Technical Product Manager - Data Any City USA (Remote) Engineering Senior Innovation Engineer Any City USA (Remote) Lead Fullstack Engineer Any City USA (Remote) © 2020 The Hydrogen Technology Corporation Blog Contact Research Privacy Terms",
    "Url": "https://www.hydrogenplatform.com/careers"
}