{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.indeed.com/job/senior-mobile-developer-ios-12c48a91c57e0b35",
    "DomainId": "indeed",
    "OutLinks": [],
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
    "Language": "Italian",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Senior Mobile Developer - iOS - San Francisco, CA 94111 - Indeed.com",
    "Hash": "F8BF09362E15B76AE0B67898CB5ABED0",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Find jobsCompany reviewsFind salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Mobile Developer - iOS Unum ID - San Francisco, CA 94111 $150,000 - $200,000 a year Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 3 days. At Unum ID, we\u2019re building a single identity online for each human offline. We provide \u201csharified\u201d identity: shared, verified identity. Our software links many verifications about a user into one identity that\u2019s shared across companies. This makes knowing who\u2019s who online easy, inexpensive, and secure. We are a Seed-stage startup founded by brothers out of Stanford and backed by Samsung. We\u2019re a scrappy team of 5 that believe online identity is broken and are on a mission to rebuild it from the ground up. With Unum ID, personal information is decentralized, encrypted behind a biometric, and controlled only by the end user. This eliminates account takeover attacks, severely mitigates data breaches, and reduces verification costs by a factor of 10. It\u2019s hard to state how revolutionary this is. Do you care about data privacy? Data breaches? Identity theft? This role is for you. Join us today and let\u2019s change the world. We are looking for an experienced Mobile Software Engineer with more than 6 years of experience shipping great Mobile apps. You will work with other developers and product managers throughout the software development life cycle. In this role, you should be a team player with a keen eye for detail and problem-solving skills. You also have experience in Agile frameworks and popular coding languages. Your goal will be to build efficient and robust mobile SDKs that enable our customers to build mobile solutions that use our service. Responsibilities Collaborate with the product owner and other members of the UnumID team to determine functional and non-functional requirements for mobile SDK portion of our solution Develop and document mobile SDK and sample apps Continuously improve our engineering process and capabilities related to mobile app development Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, extensibility etc. Skills and attributes for success BS in Computer Science or equivalent Track record of delivering high-quality desktop or mobile software that customers love 6+ years of industry experience developing applications for iOS and React native 6+ years of industry experience deploying scalable software Proficient with XCode, Swift, iOS SDK API, Apple Developer Documentation Experience with security and cryptography principles including experience with iOS secure enclave and keychain Job Type: Full-time Pay: $150,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year Experience: React Native: 2 years (Preferred) iOS Development: 5 years (Required) Software Development: 3 years (Required) program management, model-based design projects: 1 year (Preferred) Cryptography: 1 year (Preferred) iOS: 5 years (Required) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Paid time off Flexible schedule This Company Describes Its Culture as: Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Schedule: Monday to Friday Overtime 10 hour shift Company's website: www.unumid.org Work Remotely: Temporarily due to COVID-19 - 30+ days ago - save job report job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Share this job Mobile Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Unum ID in San Francisco, CA Mobile Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Unum ID Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center© 2020 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy CenterCookies, Privacy and Terms Let Employers Find YouUpload Your Resume",
    "Url": "https://www.indeed.com/job/senior-mobile-developer-ios-12c48a91c57e0b35"
}