{
    "Body": "Find jobsCompany reviewsFind salaries Upload your resume Create Account / Sign in Employers / Post Job What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Developer/Architect Unum ID - San Francisco, CA 94111 Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 4 days. At Unum ID, we\u2019re building a single identity online for each human offline. We provide \u201csharified\u201d identity: shared, verified identity. Our software links many verifications about a user into one identity that\u2019s shared across companies. This makes knowing who\u2019s who online easy, inexpensive, and secure. We are a Seed-stage startup founded by brothers out of Stanford and backed by Samsung. We\u2019re a scrappy team that believes online identity is broken and are on a mission to rebuild it from the ground up. With Unum ID, personal information is decentralized, encrypted behind a biometric, and controlled only by the end-user. This eliminates account takeover attacks, severely mitigates data breaches, and reduces verification costs by a factor of 10. It\u2019s hard to state how revolutionary this is. Do you care about data privacy? Data breaches? Identity theft? This role is for you. Join us today and let\u2019s change the world. We are looking for an experienced Lead Software Developer/Architect to design and build a platform that leverages blockchain and to help guide decisions for software development. You will see the \u201cbig picture\u201d and create architectural approaches for software design and implementation to guide the development team. A great software architect has a strong technical background and excellent development skills, including DevOps. They are experienced in designing architecture and possess the ability to develop a unified vision for software characteristics and functions. The goal is to provide a framework for the development of software that will result in high-quality SaaS solutions. We are interested in self-motivated individuals with excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to prioritize shifting workloads in what is a rapidly evolving technology landscape. We need team players who can easily function in a collaborative, high demand, performance-driven environment. Responsibilities Collaborate with the product owner and other members of the Unum ID team to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications Develop high-level product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility Help define all aspects of development from appropriate technology and workflow to coding standards Communicate successfully all concepts and guidelines to the development team via code reviews and design reviews Develop architectural design of platform solution Develop build and deployment automation to ensure CI/CD Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, extensibility etc. Skills and attributes for success Proven experience as a software developer and architect Experience with security and privacy principles including experience with applied cryptography Experience in software development and coding in various languages (TypeScript, JavaScript, Java, etc.) Experience with container-based microservices including Kubernetes Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture Understanding of software quality assurance principles A technical mindset with great attention to detail Job Type: Full-time Salary: $150,000.00 to $200,000.00 /year Experience: c/c++ programming: 1 year (Preferred) Kubernetes: 1 year (Required) Software Development: 3 years (Required) program management, model-based design projects: 1 year (Required) Cryptography: 1 year (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Paid time off Flexible schedule This Company Describes Its Culture as: Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Schedule: Monday to Friday Overtime 10 hour shift Company's website: www.unumid.org - 30+ days ago report job Share this job Senior Architect jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Unum ID in San Francisco, CA Senior Architect salaries in San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center Community\u00c2\u00a9 2020 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy CenterCookies, Privacy and Terms Let Employers Find YouUpload Your Resume", 
    "ContentType": "text/html;charset=UTF-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05", 
    "DocumentType": "Careers", 
    "DomainId": "indeed", 
    "Hash": "CF36A22F6EA17DDBD30667465A9EB786", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "OutLinks": [], 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.indeed.com/job/senior-developerarchitect-364bc7a5cdc70489", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Developer/Architect - San Francisco, CA 94111 - Indeed.com", 
    "Url": "https://www.indeed.com/job/senior-developerarchitect-364bc7a5cdc70489"
}
