{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/6d7d426c-d859-4156-807d-26e56609dc03/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Product Manager - Marketing",
    "Hash": "80811FB7D5CB3DFD163A8A8C2F749239",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/6d7d426c-d859-4156-807d-26e56609dc03",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Product Manager - Marketing Remote / Product / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the Role This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and Europe Kraken is expanding its product team! This is an incredible opportunity to join a market leader in the hottest global industry. With growth rates and innovation opportunities not seen since the early internet days, Kraken is positioned to win. This role will be responsible for a critical aspect of the business and will play a significant role expanding Kraken\u2019s business, while working alongside the brightest minds in the crypto industry. This position will be a cornerstone of the product team working with internal and external engineers and technologists, designers, business leadership, partners and customers.  We are building a product team of highly motivated self-starters who possess sound business acumen, make data-driven decisions, and clearly communicate their vision and plans to others. We are seeking people who are professional but know how to have fun too! \u201cWe want to be a strong, sustainable, high-margin, competitive business that will be stealing market share and printing cash while poets are writing ballads about our smooth lines and great taste. The best way to achieve this is for our people to be passionate about the product, and about delivering the very best to the user - delivering things that they never thought possible, or never imagined they\u2019d want, or have never seen done by a financial services firm in history. This is what our people should be thinking about 24/7 as they use our product, design new products and interface with clients.\u201d - Jesse Powell, CEO & Co-Founder, May 2020\" Overview Kraken has established itself as a leading crypto-finance platform company. We are looking for crypto-passionate product managers to own and drive Kraken\u2019s products into the future. The Product Manager - Marketing will own user acquisition and engagement products for Kraken. We are seeking a product manager that can own and deliver tools, features and products to meet internal stakeholder requirements. Someone who is process-oriented, KPI-obsessed and is data-driven with a proven record of achievement. You will be the product owner - as if you are the CEO of Marketing-related products. The cross-functional leader that ensures Kraken\u2019s marketing team can attract, track, measure and engage with prospective and existing clients. Responsibilities: Develop and own the product strategy, roadmap, and business plan for Kraken\u2019s marketing team\u2019s products and tools Maintain market and competitor insights across the industry Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders to define and develop detailed product and business requirements Ensure products are built to specifications Develop clear product documentation including specifications, user stories, wireframes, site-maps, and process flows Requirements: Intimate knowledge of equities, fx, futures or cryptocurrency exchange space Expertise with growth or marketing tactics on trading and investing on cryptocurrency exchanges 3-5 years product management or product marketing manager experience  Expertise in data gathering and quantitative analysis Strong grasp of information architecture and flow Macro-to-micro versatility: strategic mindset coupled with a keen attention to detail  Well-rounded interpersonal skills, and experience interacting with diverse personalities  Outstanding organizational and communication skills and the ability to balance multiple priorities  Deep understanding of project management principles and best practices  Prior crypto, trading, gaming or banking experience is required We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}