{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/f07a12ef-9bd7-44a6-83e2-c21cacf277eb/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Mobile UI Developer",
    "Hash": "860A530AD6D2DA257155FE61101CDB02",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/f07a12ef-9bd7-44a6-83e2-c21cacf277eb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Mobile UI Developer Europe / Engineering / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! By joining Kraken, you\u2019ll work on the bleeding edge of bitcoin and other digital currencies, and play an important role in helping shape the future of how the world sees and uses money. At Kraken, we constantly push ourselves to think differently and forge new paths in a rapidly growing industry fraught with unexplored territory, which is why Kraken has grown to be among the largest and most successful bitcoin exchanges in the world. If you\u2019re truly interested in pushing the envelope by disrupting an industry that some say cannot be disrupted, then we just might have the job meant for you. Kraken is a place for dreamers and doers - to succeed here, we firmly believe you must possess each in spades. About the role We are looking for a React Native developer interested in building performant mobile apps on iOS and Android devices. You will be responsible for building these applications whilst ensuring the code written is scalable, reusable and works well across multiple applications inside our repository, as well as coordinating with teams responsible for other layers of the product infrastructure. Building a product is a highly collaborative effort, and as such, a strong team player with a commitment to perfection is required. Requirements 2+ years of professional experience working with React Native 4+ years of professional software development experience Meaningful experience working on either large complex enterprise level systems or proven ability to build a greenfield product from start to finish Ability to take extreme ownership over your work Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Forensic attention to detail A positive mindset and can-do attitude You\u2019re passionate about software development... it\u2019s not just your career, it\u2019s your hobby. You\u2019re constantly striving to learn new things and improve. You follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current Skills(required) Firm grasp of the JavaScript language and its nuances, including ES6+ syntax and the TypeScript superset Knowledge of both functional and object-oriented programming Excellent knowledge of React Native Excellent knowledge of modern state management libraries An understanding of React Native best practices and a commitment to following them Excellent knowledge of HTML, CSS, JSX and TSX Experience both with REST and Websocket based web services Experience with various methods of asynchronous code development Skills(beneficial) Experience with Swift, Objective-C or Java Experience using the Reanimated animation library Experience working with streams/observables Experience working on a high frequency trading platform Knowledge of and passion for cryptocurrency We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}