{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/a3e98b99-3b0d-4709-b6c0-57f67718657b/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Manager of Communications",
    "Hash": "9B28F01AB565E1F4454AEEFDB7473176",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/a3e98b99-3b0d-4709-b6c0-57f67718657b",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Manager of Communications Europe / Marketing / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the role This is a fully remote role based in Europe. We are seeking an accomplished, experienced individual to serve as Manager of Communications on a dynamic marketing team. At its core, the Manager of Communications is responsible for generating amazing coverage and building relationships within the organisation and with reporters and industry peers. What you will do: Help develop media relations program by strengthening existing relationships and cultivating new relationships with print and online media, broadcast producers, bloggers and influencers Respond to media inquiries and work with executives around the company to position thought leaders and content with top tier media outlets Collaborate closely with head of public relations to implement the company\u2019s communication strategy Work cross-functionally to drive proactive campaigns in a fast-paced environment Organise press briefings, media sessions and events, and create press materials including media pitches, FAQs, fact sheets Protect and enhance the reputation of the company  Storymine with executives to create thoughtful pitches and narratives Measure and report impact of campaigns using Key Performance Indicators  Monitor the media landscape and elevate notable developments and trends to the organisation Build relationships with influencers, experiment with new social media channels and techniques Educate press, bloggers and influencers about Kraken's products and initiatives to drive positive coverage in publications and across social media Help develop complementary visuals and videos for external communications Who you are: 3-5 years of public relations experience preferably with a fintech or agency serving fintech clients Experience with media relations across verticals globally Experience working with executives at major company or fast-paced startup Excellent writing and editing skills as well as the journalistic ability to source stories from employees Self-starter that is capable of independently pushing projects to completion Strong teammate that works well in a remote environment and with multiple functions across the organisation Strongly preferred: Good understanding of the cryptocurrency or blockchain landscape We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}