{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/9aa1aaed-7580-4be6-bc2b-999dd99e1b60/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Business Systems Analyst",
    "Hash": "AC5073BEED2E90480DAF9D2CCC1A7A7A",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/9aa1aaed-7580-4be6-bc2b-999dd99e1b60",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Business Systems Analyst Remote / Information Technology / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! We are looking for an applications Business Systems Analyst who will play a crucial role in building the next generation of Kraken\u2019s applications and data platforms.  This strategic position will be part of a strong team that will play a pivotal role in Kraken\u2019s ERP, financial applications and the integrations connecting them.  This role will work within a small workgroup to design, build/implement, iterate, support, maintain and enhance a set of financial platforms.  You should be a talented and experienced business systems analyst with a strong background in selecting and implementing leading finance SaaS applications. As a Business Systems Analyst within the Enterprise Solutions team, you will have a variety of responsibilities, including advising on our long-term roadmap to ensure scalable and innovative solutions, while \u201ckeeping the lights on\u201d by configuring existing applications and automations. Responsibilities Partner closely with the finance organization to turn short- and long-term business needs into high quality, scalable, secure systems to enable Kraken\u2019s dynamic growth in a strategic manner Drive partnership with the finance organization through a deep understanding of underlying finance processes to drive system strategy/vision, design and implementation Work closely with management and business partners to prioritize and build our team\u2019s long-term planning Manage system enhancement projects from design through implementation and support: expect to get your hands into the details - this role will be working directly with users to gather requirements, implementing, testing and deploying new features on a regular basis Work in our best-of-breed finance applications infrastructure Requirements Proven track record of having implemented, enhanced and supported enterprise class financial systems - which includes planning, analysis and design, configuration, development, data migrations, system testing, cutover plan, and production support Demonstrable ability to work autonomously, manage and lead small to medium projects or parts of larger programs requiring program management involvement Solid understanding of current market trends in SaaS financial applications from process, vendor and end user perspective Advanced knowledge of overall finance business processes, with in-depth knowledge of Order-to-Cash processes preferred Excellent understanding of IT processes, including SDLC and change management High level of intellectual curiosity to understand current state, identify issues and provide solutions, while advising on potential positive and negative implications of decisions SaaS ERP application experience is a nice to haveExperience with Agile Scrum methodologies and working collaboratively with a scrum teamExperience with SOX compliance processes a plus BS/BA or equivalent work experience We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}