{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/e9a40d5a-ddde-4850-a53c-627a299e8b39/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Live Chat Specialist - APAC",
    "Hash": "527CA81D5ABEA72DE99441791A93385A",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/e9a40d5a-ddde-4850-a53c-627a299e8b39",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Live Chat Specialist - APAC Seoul / Client Services / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the Role This is a fully remote role requiring English fluency. You must be willing to work shifts that include evenings and weekends. We are accepting applicants for our Client Engagement team, which provides first rate support to our clients and handles most aspects of payments operations. Our team is one of the best in the industry, and we are looking for people who can make us better. For this role, we are looking for candidates that will specialize in Live Chat support. Live Chat is the first point of contact for Kraken's clients. Our Live Chat Specialists need to remain friendly, sharp and mission-oriented to create memorable interactions and to resolve as many questions as possible via chat, our quickest channel for support. As a Live Chat Specialist, you will receive extensive training from our Live Chat veterans and will continue expanding your knowledge of our growing and exciting industry. With full support from our seasoned team, you will immediately begin helping clients and resolving inquiries related to KYC verification, account access and security, crypto and trading.  Responsibilities Handle a minimum of 3 chats at a given time Provide timely updates to clients regarding the status of their requests  Leverage available resources to resolve client issues Participate in the Live Chat channel by helping your peers resolve cases  Strive to make your work as efficient as possible by improving or creating processes, automating as much of your work as possible, and so on Requirements Strong written English communication skills  Excited about continuous learning and personal growth Security and privacy focused High output -- metrics-based experience is helpful Able to make quick decisions autonomously Detail & efficiency oriented Loves helping people Willing to work weekends Ability to multitask under pressure Quick and accurate typing skills Nice to haves Fluency in languages other than English Competitive spirit  Previous live chat experience Remote work experience We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}