{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/15df2a7e-795b-46d6-b8a9-570837fcd509/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - UI Designer - Cryptowatch",
    "Hash": "8AF51BB0C6288AB7C6FA66E003C53C10",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/15df2a7e-795b-46d6-b8a9-570837fcd509",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "UI Designer - Cryptowatch Remote / Product / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the Role This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and EMEA. Kraken is expanding our Product Design team for Cryptowatch.  The company is comprised of experienced and motivated veterans of the technology, design, and finance industries.  We are building sophisticated crypto-trading products while having fun along the way.  Come help us continue to define and lead this exciting industry. We are looking for a creative and motivated self-starter with attention to detail and an eye for beautiful, clean user interfaces.  A UI designer who can produce end-to-end intuitive interfaces that connect the design workflow with product goals. From from mapping user journeys into flow diagrams, creating wireframes to high fidelity mockups, and providing clear direction for development teams implementing designs into front-end code.   You consider the user experience first and support design decisions with best practices and data from usability tests or site metrics. You'll be a key member of the design team, collaborating closely with the very best engineers, designers, business leadership, partners and customers in the industry. You will take a leading role defining key Cryptowatch features while applying best practices throughout the product. Amazing perks, remote teams, stock incentives, flexible hours and open PTO policy make Kraken a great place to work on Cryptowatch. Responsibilities Collaborate with designers, product managers, engineers and stakeholders to deliver end-to-end product experiences Apply business objectives into concepts creating flows, wireframes, and mockups of intuitive user experiences Distill and visualize complex data sets and attributes into summarizing views Incorporate pattern-based solutions across web-based platforms, from wide-screen to mobile Define, create, and improve the tools and processes that accelerate workflows for other designers and developers Translate mockups into reusable components within a Figma design system Prototype and iterate designs to connect and optimize user flows Demonstrate proficiency communicating throughout the design process from formulating high-level strategy to executing pixel-perfect mockups Requirements At least 4 years of product design experience Strong portfolio of latest relevant work Solid understanding of user-centered design and UX principles Expert-level creation of user interface across devices Experience with component-based design tools such as Sketch or Figma Creative idea generator with a problem solving mindset Ability to receive constructive criticism to ultimately improve the end result Willing to take initiative and ownership of tasks and deliverables Understanding of Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency movement Proficiency designing for finance, charting, trading, or data dense applications Desire to make the best trading platform in the world We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}