{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/ea5af6a1-acbc-4bf6-8857-143d49ec0fb0/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Product Manager - Internal Systems",
    "Hash": "FD5AC4C3553524576AF7031DC73A7E75",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/ea5af6a1-acbc-4bf6-8857-143d49ec0fb0",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Product Manager - Internal Systems Remote / Product / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! The Product Manager will be responsible for the client support internal systems at Kraken, used by hundreds of people every day to provide a smooth and reliable client service. Responsibilities include building a comprehensive vision and roadmap for these security-first services, close collaboration with client-facing teams, detailing of product requirements and end-to-end execution together with the technology and service teams.  The successful candidate should thrive in a security-focused, collaborative, process-driven environment and be able to easily adapt and adjust to change without sacrificing the product vision. The position requires interaction with a wide variety of internal stakeholders at various levels of the organization. Candidates must possess the ability to clearly articulate the rationale behind decisions to business, compliance, technology and client-facing stakeholders. They must also have exceptional project management skills. Responsibilities Drive development of the overall client support internal systems roadmap and implementation phases Partner with the technology teams on solution architecture, data flows and security models Work closely with client-facing personnel and key stakeholders for a comprehensive understanding and management of the needs of all teams Plan relevant testing phases, rollout and product delivery Develop product documentation including specifications, wireframes, and process flows Facilitate communication across all project phases and proactively alert management of changes to scope, timelines and resources  Requirements Deep understanding of large, client-serving systems and the relevant architecture patterns Experience delivering large scale software projects Understanding of crypto/blockchain technologies and their implication on client services Understanding of the compliance and legal requirements for fintech/crypto 3-5 years of relevant product management experienceKnowledge of the cryptocurrency exchange space Expertise in data gathering and quantitative analysis Solution oriented, highly-motivated and proactive self-starter  Macro-to-micro versatility: strategic mindset coupled with a keen attention to detail  Well-rounded interpersonal skills, and experience interacting with diverse personalities  Deep understanding of project management principles and best practices  Exceptional communication and presentation skills Prior crypto, trading, gaming, banking or fintech relevant experience is required Prior crypto, trading, gaming, banking or fintech relevant experience is required We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}