{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/e696c743-d44d-4606-8a9b-0ea8fe823b01/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Senior Platform Accounting Analyst",
    "Hash": "32FFBBED5BDE9183803AB24C94948489",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/e696c743-d44d-4606-8a9b-0ea8fe823b01",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Senior Platform Accounting Analyst Remote / Finance / Onsite Full-Time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! The Senior Platform Operations Analyst will be an integral part of the Finance team.  You will work closely with your Finance and Accounting leadership cohorts as well as business partners and other internal and external stakeholders.  This role reports to the Platform Accounting Manager. This role is located in San Francisco, CA - On-site Full-time Responsibilities: Interface daily with internal systems and our proprietary exchange platform to assist with fiat and digital asset position reconciliations across our various banks and wallets. Promptly researching and correcting discrepancies and communicating actions to the appropriate stakeholders Reconcile a variety of products and transactions including fiat, digital assets, futures, and margin Independently manage and develop current reconciliation processes for greater efficiency and transparency and analyzing data against business drivers to identify issues and trends. Communicate and facilitate break resolution between our OTC desks, Treasury, Developers, Data Scientists, and Finance, including making journal entries as necessary. Maintain and review daily, monthly and yearly middle office reconciliations for financial and accounting issues and reporting Provide support for internal and external audits Participate in Ad Hoc reporting requests Skills and Experience: Bachelor\u2019s degree in Accounting or closely related field CPA in good standing strongly preferred 5+ years of accounting/audit experience Industry experience in financial services, fintech, broker-dealer, banking, or exchange strongly preferred Experience or knowledge with cryptocurrency is strongly preferred Knowledge of US GAAP and experience with SOX Collaborative, innovative, flexible, and adept at building relationships across the organization Ability to handle multiple projects and deliverables in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Microsoft Excel proficiency including pivot tables, H & V-Lookup Experience and knowledge with SQL Experience with high volume transactions Extensive experience testing and designing internal controls is a plus  Experience using an ERP system such Netsuite or SAP is a plus Audit experience from the Big 4 or national accounting firms is a plus We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}