{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/ed5e910d-a3ad-4247-98d5-3a437b0968a2/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Product Manager, Community - Cryptowatch",
    "Hash": "B924698422925D5D05C1C6F05B7C0272",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/ed5e910d-a3ad-4247-98d5-3a437b0968a2",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Product Manager, Community - Cryptowatch Remote / Product / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! Help us scale Cryptowatch, Kraken's professional charting and trading platform. Cryptowatch has grown organically from a tiny weekend project to a popular real-time cryptocurrency charting and trading platform which people rely on all over the world. We are seeking talented individuals to help us expand the product in new directions. There's rarely a boring day in crypto, and we're looking for people who want to be part of this exciting ecosystem! About the Role: You will be in charge of building a network effect on Cryptowatch. You will work with a team to develop industry leading products including the existing Cryptowatch chat system, user profiles, and leaderboards. To do this effectively, you will explore and deeply understand all relevant and competing products in the space, engage with customers and prospects, and apply creativity and knowledge to develop solutions that deliver the very best experience for our clients. Your performance will be evaluated by the growth of the Cryptowatch community, on both a numbers and quality basis. You will report to the Senior Product Manager at Cryptowatch. Responsibilities: Work with a global, remote team of designers, engineers, and project managers to help deliver a best in class crypto trading platform Lead a culture of customer focus by communicating and building rapport with customers and being the voice of the customer throughout the product development process Perform deep and continuous analysis of competitors and other relevant products and offerings in both the crypto and conventional spaces. Develop product strategy and roadmap using input from customers, internal stakeholders, and competitive analysis Develop product specifications and related documents (epics, stories, scope docs, etc.) Work closely with Cryptowatch engineers to optimize products through development and bring them to life for customers Own and manage product roadmap and priorities, and drive progress  across the platform Collaborate with Marketing to determine product opportunities and communicate effectively with customers and the marketplace regarding new and existing products Monitor and report on the growth of the Cryptowatch community using KPIs Requirements: Previous experience growing an online community Experience building tools that promote user engagementFamiliarity with the crypto trading ecosystem Minimum 1-2 years experience in product management or product design Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Self-starter, with a passion for learning, teaching and building businesses Thrive in a fast paced environment, using your organizational skills to always keep team goals in focus A strong candidate will also: Have experience working at a social network company Have a background in human psychology or sociology Have previous experience using workstream management tools such as Confluence and Jira We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}