{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/6512a4a4-df5e-40fe-9de0-9310690c45b2/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Product Manager - Exchange",
    "Hash": "2425C7BD79672A100FDC247FE9CF572D",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/6512a4a4-df5e-40fe-9de0-9310690c45b2",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Product Manager - Exchange Remote / Product / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the Role This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and Europe Kraken is expanding its product team! This is an incredible opportunity to join a market leader in the hottest global industry. With growth rates and innovation opportunities not seen since the early internet days, Kraken is positioned to win. This role will be responsible for a critical aspect of the business and will play a significant role expanding Kraken\u2019s business, while working alongside the brightest minds in the crypto industry. This position will be a cornerstone of the product team working with internal and external engineers and technologists, designers, business leadership, partners and customers.  We are building a product team of highly motivated self-starters who possess sound business acumen, make data-driven decisions, and clearly communicate their vision and plans to others. We are seeking people who are professional but know how to have fun too! Learn more about us: Read our reviews on Glassdoor Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Overview The Product Manager will be responsible for core functional aspects such as trading, funding and onboarding workflows for the Kraken exchange. The ideal candidate is data-driven, process oriented, technically adept and has a proven track record of achievement. Responsibilities include product expertise, the creation of product requirements, project schedules and supporting materials in partnership with design, content, technology and service teams. The product manager provides day-to-day cross-functional leadership to ensure the timely delivery of projects which meet established feature, usability, content and quality requirements. The successful candidate should thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative, process-driven environment and be able to adapt and adjust plans on-the-fly. The position requires interaction with a wide variety of internal stakeholders at various levels of the organization. Candidates must possess the ability and willingness to balance consumer needs with business priorities and articulate the rationale behind decisions. They must also have exceptional project management skills. Responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the overall product strategy, product roadmap, and business plan Perform research to gain market insights across the industry Work closely with customers and key stakeholders to define and develop detailed product and business requirements Perform User Acceptance Testing and ensure requirements were understood and implemented as requested Evaluate new product opportunities and bring forward proposals for products to engage traders, investors and institutions Influence product and technology strategy and direction (roadmap), and product and user experience decision-making Manage engagement with customers, internal and external parties Evangelize the power of analytics and experimentation in building a data-driven organization Actively prioritize product backlog , pre planning, prioritization and user story mapping sessions Develop product documentation including specifications, wireframes, site-maps, and process flows.  Facilitate communication across all project phases and proactively alert management of changes to scope, timelines and resources  Ensure proper integration and scalability of shared systems, products and tools Requirements: Intimate knowledge of the cryptocurrency exchange space Experience in trading on cryptocurrency exchanges 3-5 years of consumer-facing product management experience  Expertise in data gathering and quantitative analysis Solution oriented, highly-motivated and proactive self-starter  Strong grasp of information architecture and user experience best practices  Macro-to-micro versatility: strategic mindset coupled with a keen attention to detail  Well-rounded interpersonal skills, and experience interacting with diverse personalities  Outstanding organizational and communication skills and the ability to balance multiple priorities  Deep understanding of project management principles and best practices  Exceptional communication and presentation skills  Prior crypto, trading, gaming or banking experience is required We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}