{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/trmlabs/5738bb7b-a98d-4d3f-8d80-3fd06030ef15",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "OutLinks": ["https://jobs.lever.co/trmlabs/5738bb7b-a98d-4d3f-8d80-3fd06030ef15/apply"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "TRM Labs - Product Designer",
    "Hash": "8E8B6CFA46F5CE21C224C9C37910AFFA",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Product Designer San Francisco, California / Design / Full-time Apply for this job Well-capitalized startup seeking extremely talented designers to help pioneer a new financial system. TRM is helping build a new financial system where value flows freely. The TRM platform helps token issuers launch, grow, and manage tokenized products, such as tokenized money, real estate, company equity, and collectibles. We are looking for a talented and passionate Product Designer to join our small and focused team. You will play a vital role in shaping the products and services for TRM. More broadly, you have an opportunity to make a distinctive impact in an industry that is deeply underserved by design. You must be a self-directed builder with clear visual design chops, excellent human-centered design thinking, and ability to communicate your ideas effectively. Responsibilities Run the full experience design process for TRM, from customer discovery and research through to concept development, wireframes, and high-fidelity mocks Art direct or design the visual design of the web and software applications, as well as marketing and promotional materials including but not limited to email campaigns, sales materials, and advertisements Take high-level customer needs and turn those into product ideas Lead customer discovery interviews and weekly product feedback sessions Stay current on emerging UX trends both within and outside of crypto Develop a deep understanding of crypto and blockchain to inform product design & direction Collaborate with and present work to a range of stakeholders including teammates, customers, Help establish the design culture and team at TRM We are looking for designers with: 5+ years experience as a product designer, user experience designer, interaction designer, or similar role Experience leading full-stack product design and shipping intuitive products that people love Editorial eye and strong design voice Experience working directly with engineers to see product through to implementation Strong online portfolio demonstrating samples of design deliverables (personas, sketches, wireframes, and high-fidelity prototypes) is required to apply for this role. Comfortable with public speaking Willingness to roll up your sleeves in a fast-paced startup environment Experience hiring and managing individual contributors Bonus: Experience with UX design for complex enterprise applications and workflows Benefits Substantial equity grant Competitive salary Paid time off Medical, dental, & vision insurance Life insurance and disability benefits Apple equipment Commuter Subsidies Community Involvement (4 hours per month of paid volunteer time) Company-sponsored personal coaching and trainings Company-sponsored off-sites & adventures Much more... We are building the most diverse and talented team in crypto. If you share our values and our passion for building a world where value flows freely, you will find a home at TRM. We cannot wait to meet you! Apply for this job TRM Labs Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/trmlabs/5738bb7b-a98d-4d3f-8d80-3fd06030ef15"
}