{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/67df6540-8c1a-40b9-882f-4c13e9cb8b08/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Devops Engineer",
    "Hash": "7A1F9F1509D680D832C4FDC835A79D42",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/67df6540-8c1a-40b9-882f-4c13e9cb8b08",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Devops Engineer Europe / IT and Security / Full-time, Onsite or Remote Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! This role is fully remote, EMEA or APAC time zones preferred The DevOps Engineer is critical to the Kraken platform and infrastructure. You are smart, highly skilled, and self-motivated, with a penchant for out-of-the-box thinking. You are a developer who is interested in deployment and network operations, or you're already somewhere on the journey to being a fully fledged DevOps practitioner. You'll be joining the production engineering team to provide software engineering and cloud infrastructure support and advice across the public-facing businesses, as well as becoming part of the wider DevSecOps team, and the global (and world-class) Security, IT and DevOps team. You'll be a member of a 10-12 FTE global team, and will be expected to contribute and learn across the full cloud engineering stack. You will be (or will become) a \"T-shaped\" individual with enormous potential to further your career in the burgeoning DevSecOps domain, with the guidance of industry leaders in Security and DevOps, and alongside a mature team of true polyglots and talented microservices developers. At Kraken, our culture and our people are at the core of our strategy, and the future growth and health of our company rests on our ability to attract and retain the very best talent in the industry. Responsibilities Building tooling to manage and deploy cloud infrastructure including high integrity Kubernetes clusters in an idempotent / declarative manner; Working with development and QA teams to improve test automation strategy; Building application security processes and pipelines to contribute to the development teams' move to true Continuous Delivery and Continuous Improvement; Implementing \"SAST\" and \"DAST\" systems with the wider IT, Security and DevOps team; Implementing secrets management for cloud applications; Configuring monitoring and alerting systems and processes to optimize and improve systems reliability; Relating business processes and requirements to controls and policies; Becoming an active part of the on call and disaster recovery structures, including some work at nights and weekends as needed. Requirements Work highly independently, with multiple stakeholders outside of the formal management structure; Write good quality policies, procedures and technical documentation; Champion security awareness in the organization, produce material to support this, and relate this to the current threat landscape; Be familiar with risks introduced to organization by third parties, and processes to mitigate these; Take a risk-based approach to all facets of information security; Have a \"finger on the pulse\" of current challenges and exploits in the ecosystem; Be an active participant in a truly world class global security organization. Qualifications Degree from an accredited institution, or equivalent relevant experience alongside a good level of general education; Optional: relevant and well-regarded certifications in cloud computing such as CKA (Certified Kubernetes Administrator), AWS Professional or Specialty levels, Google Professional level; Optional: advanced security accreditation such as CISSP, OSCP, CASP, Security+. We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}