{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/905ac0d1-fe33-4962-ab09-4a49a99aef2d?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/905ac0d1-fe33-4962-ab09-4a49a99aef2d/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - Account Security Specialist - Client Engagement",
    "Hash": "2009926B2842919C04B4747C5EE9BD17",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Account Security Specialist - Client Engagement Remote / Client Services / Remote Full-time Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! About the Role This is a fully remote role requiring English fluency. You must be willing to work evenings and weekends. We\u2019re accepting applicants for our Client Engagement team, which provides first rate customer support to our users and also handles most aspects of payments operations. Our team is one of the best in the industry, and we\u2019re looking for people who can make us better. For this role, we are looking for candidates who have previous experience in a fraud-related field or account security. Many of us work remotely, but we\u2019re in touch with each other constantly. We collaborate to solve tough problems and meet regularly to stay up to date on what\u2019s going on in the company and industry. We have a great community, and many of us have become close friends. Responsibilities Fraud detection and profiling Perform risk assessments Assisting with developing fraud strategies for current and new markets Analyze customer level information to determine action for both customers and company policy. Create risk-based rules to mitigate emerging fraud trends and monitor performance of same with regard to fraud prevention and customer experience. Provide training and development to internal teams. Continuous review of merchant transaction activity for possible fraudulent activity and reporting appropriately to prevent fraud and risk.  Compiling and implement security measures and fraud prevention strategies and the ability to pick up on irregularities on card transactions. Periodically utilizing e-mail, responding to 20 to 150 client concerns regarding trading (explaining margin, answering questions about order execution), digital asset transfers (looking at block explorers, answering questions about bitcoin transactions), and other general questions on daily basis Strive to make your work as efficient as possible by improving or creating processes, automating as much of your work as possible, and so on Requirements Strong written English communication skills (other languages are helpful) Previous experience in a fraud or security related field Security and privacy focused Crypto trading experience, preferably on multiple platforms High output -- metrics-based experience is helpful Able to make quick decisions autonomously Detail oriented Loves helping people Technical background a major plus Experience with Kraken\u2019s API a major plus Fluent in English on a professional level. Fluent in one of the following languages: Spanish, French, Portuguese, Italian, Russian, Turkish, Chinese, Japanese, Korean. We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/905ac0d1-fe33-4962-ab09-4a49a99aef2d?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]"
}