{
    "SeedUrl": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/c9dba4fb-ae6c-4d3f-84b7-66d28b89ef1e?lever-origin=applied&lever-source[]",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
        "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/12ea68fe-0553-440d-890b-ff4207d5a38f/apply"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken",
    "RequiredMatch": "cryptocurrency",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Kraken Digital Asset Exchange - IT Risk Analyst",
    "Hash": "9E5E1162A553F57D63532D82B9ECB0E1",
    "Url": "https://jobs.lever.co/kraken/12ea68fe-0553-440d-890b-ff4207d5a38f",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "lever",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "IT Risk Analyst Austin / IT and Security / Full-time, Onsite or Remote Apply for this job About Kraken Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.  Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world's largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we're growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets.  We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent. Let's change the way the world thinks about money! Join the revolution! We are looking for an IT Risk Analyst who will play a crucial role in assessing and identifying risk reduction or risk mitigation opportunities for applications, systems, and various processes in order to be compliant with various regulatory requirements and to mature our security posture. This role will work within a small but efficient team to examine IT Risk throughout the various departments. Suitable candidates should be familiar with various major global policies that affect financial technology organizations, and have experience in policy drafting as well as performing IT and Security risk assessments. As an IT Risk Analyst within the IT & Security team, the candidate will have a variety of responsibilities, including drafting/modifying policies and procedures, analyzing current policies for its compliance, performing risk assessments, maintaining the risk register, and assisting other team members in keeping Kraken a safe and secure environment for both the employees and clients. Duties Perform and write risk assessments on applications, systems, and processes Maintain risk registers for identified risks Draft new policies to ensure that Kraken is in compliant with all domestic and global regulatory requirements Analyze current policies to ensure we stay in compliance with all domestic and global regulatory requirements Organize and conduct meetings with application owner or/and administrators Requirements Demonstrable ability to work autonomously and comfortable in a remote environment Solid understanding of global and domestic policies that affect the cryptocurrency industry (ISO27001, SOC2, PCI, etc..) Experience in performing risk assessments Excellent understanding of IT processes and IT general controls BS/Ba or equivalent work experience Understand a variety of industry specific security testing methodologies Ability to lead and direct discussions toward identifying the risks of falling out compliance High level of intellectual curiosity to understand current state, identify issues and provide solutions, while advising on potential positive and negative implications of decisions Qualifications & Experience Bachelor\u2019s Degree in management information systems (MIS), Accounting, Computer Science or Finance preferred though not required; CISA (or equivalent) preferred; or relevant technical experience Experience with risk registers and risk assessments, including vendor risk assessments Experience with Governance Risk Management Compliance software (i.e. LogicGate, Archer or similar)  Relevant experience in IT controls or IT Auditing with some background in segregation of duties or financial controls Experience of working in a global IT enterprise environment with knowledge of IT controls (change management) and systems audit requirements preferred Some knowledge of financial/business processes Strong project management and prioritization skills \u2013 ability to multi-task as needed on various projects and initiatives Policy management and generation We\u2019re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives. Check out all our open roles at https://jobs.lever.co/kraken. We\u2019re excited to see what you\u2019re made of.   Learn more about us: Watch \"Working at Kraken\" Follow us on Twitter Catch up on our blog Follow us on LinkedIn Apply for this job Kraken Digital Asset Exchange Home PageJobs powered by"
}