{
    "SeedUrl": "https://mixbytes.io/career",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://mixbytes.io/Career",
        "https://mixbytes.io/career"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Jobs at Mixbytes",
    "Hash": "2A364000470F5EE939284D97F761DB9A",
    "Url": "https://mixbytes.io/career",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "mixbytes",
    "Language": "Romanian",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Contact us Thank you. Your letter has been sent. I agree to the Privacy Policy аnd to receive email from MixBytes Required field Please put a correct email Please put a correct name Please put a correct phone number Get a quote Required field Please put a correct email Please put a correct name Please put a correct phone number Blockchain development Security audit Tech consulting Mixbytes Tank Haya Framework Cases Blog Career GitHub LinkedIn Telegram Twitter Facebook Medium Get a quote   Audit Blockchain development Cases Blog Career CAREER Our culture At MixBytes, we believe that a way to success is to believe and be really passionate about what you are doing. Your everyday work can change the world around you. As a team keen on technology, we always strive to attract like-minded people for its further development. We are collaborating with well-known companies and are leading our own projects. We are working at the cutting edge of \"applied computer science\", tackling the real technical problems of implementing algorithms and are trying to find the solutions for our projects and clients. What we offer Working with bleeding edge technology Compensation above the market range Relocation assistance Collaboration with international dev community Cozy and modern open space office, remote work is possible Bureaucracy-free space Flexible working hours Cookies, coffee, tea, red bull, team lunches Open job positions Rust Developer You are experienced in Rust production development? Have a good understanding of the Rust ecosystem? Are good at algorithms and data structures, operating systems, backend and frontend solutions, code optimization? Keen on decentralized systems and modern cryptography? Love teamwork and want to write open-source code? Responsibilities: Design, research and develop blockchain-based solutions. You may also be engaged into: Developing decentralized high-performance systems Building reliable and fast data storages Working with virtual machines used by modern blockchains: WebAssembly, EVM, TVM Implementing consensus algorithms and other protocols Programming and optimizing smart contracts Security audits of third-party and internal solutions Developing infrastructure software Required qualifications: Willingness to learn on the go, ability to write open-source code and work in a team, a strong sense of responsibility. Tech Stack: Rust, cargo, git, basic knowledge of high-level language (-s) (JavaScript is preferable), Linux, bash, ability to work with Docker. Nice to have: Understanding of (experience in) C++/Java/Go; any background knowledge relevant for the position, such as: blockchain development experience, cryptography and system software development experience, understanding of operating systems, networks, ability to design algorithms and mathematical models. Apply now DevOps engineer Responsibilities: Cloud infrastructure administration and support Building secure, reliable, and accessible DevOps solutions Deployment and administration of services, applications, databases (both SQL and NoSQL) Failure prevention and problem solving Automation, containerization, and minimization of the human factor Providing CI/CD infrastructure of open source projects Interaction with developers and management Requirements: Experience in administration of highly available fault-tolerant services Organizing and maintaining a high level of information security 3+ years of Linux administration and configuration Experience in web and network services administration Good knowledge of Ansible, Docker, incl. Dockerfile development, services, service stacks Solid skills in software provisioning, configuration management, infrastructure as code Knowledge of AWS Deep understanding of Prometheus, Grafana, etc. Experience in tasks automation in script languages Network technology knowledge Git experience + Desire to learn new services and technologies + Fast learner, stress tolerant, responsible, attentive Nice-to-have skills: AWS: debugging and optimizing cloud resource usage Skills in Terraform, PostgreSQL, Travis CI Knowledge of administering payment services or cryptographic protection solutions Cloudflare/qrator experience Knowledge of js, node, python, java, ruby, experience in work automation of language-specific packs Ability to write specifications for rpm/deb packages Key stack: Linux, Ansible, Docker, Git What we offer: Participation in the biggest blockchain conferences and hackathons around the world (Hong Kong, Berlin, Prague, etc.) Working with bleeding-edge technology Relocation assistance English courses Cozy and modern open space office Bureaucracy-free space Flexible working hours Cookies, coffee, tea, red bull, team lunches Apply now Apply now Select a vacancy* Senior Blockchain Developer Rust Developer Blockchain Security Auditor C++ Developer Senior front-end developer Middle Front-end developer DevOps engineer\u200b Attach your resume I agree to the Privacy Policy аnd to receive email from MixBytes Required field Please put a correct email Please put a correct name Please put a correct phone number Send Required field Please put a correct email Please put a correct name Please put a correct phone number © 2018 MixBytes() hello@mixbytes.io Privacy policy"
}