{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.oxio.com/careers/index.xml",
    "DomainId": "oxio",
    "OutLinks": [],
    "ContentType": "application/xml",
    "Language": "UNKNOWN",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Careers on OXIO",
    "Hash": "C23656ADDEFFE35A1049CE2BC9A141CF",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Careers on OXIO Recent content in Careers on OXIO Sales Director, Mexico Job Description We are looking for a Sales Director to accelerate our customer and partnership initiatives in Mexico. These will result in revenue-based commitments from launch phase customers and beyond. In this role, you will be working closely with the CEO and COO of OXIO\u2019s global business, playing a pivotal role in OXIO\u2019s initial launch market, Mexico. Being in the driver\u2019s seat of the sales team, you will be responsible for revenue initiatives across OXIO\u2019s target verticals (Retail, Travel, Banking/Fintech, Enterprise, Governments among others) in Mexico and eventually Latin America. Site Reliability Engineer / Release Manager Bring cheaper and more reliable mobile Internet to everyone Why the world needs our mobile connectivity exchange Mobile connectivity is a scarce resource for most people. Its affordability varies wildly from one country to another: 1 GB in the USA can be 45 times more expensive than in India. Furthermore, when traveling, people either have to pay roaming fees or face the friction of dealing with local carriers. TechOps / DevOps - Core Team Bring cheaper and more reliable mobile Internet to everyone Why the world needs our mobile connectivity exchange Mobile connectivity is a scarce resource for most people. Its affordability varies wildly from one country to another: 1 GB in the USA can be 45 times more expensive than in India. Furthermore, when traveling, people either have to pay roaming fees or face the friction of dealing with local carriers. Software Engineer - Core Team (Golang) Bring cheaper and more reliable mobile Internet to everyone Why the world needs our mobile connectivity exchange Mobile connectivity is a scarce resource for most people. Its affordability varies wildly from one country to another: 1 GB in the USA can be 45 times more expensive than in India. Furthermore, when traveling, people either have to pay roaming fees or face the friction of dealing with local carriers. Software Engineer - Core Team (Golang) Bring cheaper and more reliable mobile Internet to everyone Why the world needs our mobile connectivity exchange Mobile connectivity is a scarce resource for most people. Its affordability varies wildly from one country to another: 1 GB in the USA can be 45 times more expensive than in India. Furthermore, when traveling, people either have to pay roaming fees or face the friction of dealing with local carriers. System & Network Developer (Android/Linux) Bring cheaper and more reliable mobile Internet to everyone Why the world needs our mobile connectivity exchange Mobile connectivity is a scarce resource for most people. Its affordability varies wildly from one country to another: 1 GB in the USA can be 45 times more expensive than in India. Furthermore, when traveling, people either have to pay roaming fees or face the friction of dealing with local carriers.",
    "Url": "https://www.oxio.com/careers/index.xml"
}