{
    "SeedUrl": "https://radar.tech/careers#position",
    "OutLinks": ["https://radar.tech/careers"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Radar Careers",
    "Hash": "C3076AB8905BB58DEF3A151DECB970E5",
    "Url": "https://radar.tech/careers#position",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "radar",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Create the Next Era of Financial Systems We're on a mission to leverage frontier technology to create the next era of financial systems. Join us! See Open Positions Our Story Formed in 2017, RADAR has held true to its name, scanning the horizon and detecting approaching trends and technologies. Our first product, RELAY, is a wallet-to-wallet decentralized trading platform with users from over 150 countries around the world trading $300M+ worth of tokens.Shape the Story We build products for our next era of financial systems. We believe blockchain is more than another disruptive technology, it\u2019s an opportunity to reshape our institutions to be more inclusive, fair, and transparent. Denver Based, Globally Distributed We chose Denver as our home because we wanted to create the right environment to attract the best talent possible. Enjoy over 300 days of sunshine a year in a city that's constantly winning awards like Best Place To Live, Most Fit City, and Good Food Awards. While Denver boasts world-class arts, music, food, drink, and sports scenes, it\u2019s also a short drive from multiple major ski resorts, state and national parks, and the best scenery in the country.Join Us in Denver Meet The Team In just a few short years our team of cross-functional explorers has continued to launch new products and services that push the edges of technology and finance. We welcome blockchain and crypto enthusiasts and non-enthusiasts alike to come help us build a world where our financial systems are inclusive, fair, and transparent. If you\u2019re looking for more than just another 9-5 with a chance to push forward a frontier industry, then we welcome you to come put a dent in the universe with us. \u201cWorking at RADAR has been a great career opportunity for me. Living the core values of vision, impact, and accountability has meant that I\u2019ve been able to make meaningful impact through my work and take my career in a new direction.\u201d Beatrice Product Owner \u201cOne thing I love about working at RADAR is that we are both using and creating cutting edge technology; we are solving big problems in blockchain tech by using some of the latest tools and processes.\u201d Cavan Engineering Manager \u201cMake parts of the future, break them repeatedly, and collaborate on ways to fix them. It feels totally normal to be on the bleeding edge of technology and I think anything else would get boring after this.\u201d Whitney Scrum Master Benefits Competitive Salary We know your time and expertise are valuable so we offer competitive compensation to get the best. Company Equity We believe everyone should act like owners and deserves a piece of the pie for doing so. Remote Work Policy Work from home, the beach, or a ski resort. Great work happens in and out of the office. Four Weeks Flexible PTO Everyone needs a break. We offer a generous time off policy to get some rest and relaxation. Professional Development Get better at what you do with up to $1,500 a year in professional development. Healthcare, Vision, Dental We want to make sure you\u2019re covered. We provide fully paid dental, vision, and healthcare. Open Positions Building products for our next financial system. Get in touch Send us a signal. Email Address Message Thank you! Your submission has been received. Products ION RELAY DEPLOY Company Careers Terms & Privacy Policy © 2019, Radar Relay, Inc. All Rights Reserved."
}