{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "SeedUrl": "https://revelry.co/careers",
    "DomainId": "revelry",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://revelry.co/careers/",
        "https://revelry.co/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Frevelry.co%2Fcareers%2F",
        "https://revelry.co/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https%3A%2F%2Frevelry.co%2Fcareers%2F&format=xml"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Careers at Revelry: Jobs in Innovation, Technology & Software",
    "Hash": "30ACE9DDEE4290175077742874764E5B",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Products Services About Blog Careers Let\u2019s Get Started 504-535-5227 Products Services About Blog Careers Let\u2019s Get Started Careers at Revelry About Revelry Revelry is a digital innovation lab with nationwide clientele from small businesses and startups to large, publicly-traded companies. We believe in being the change you want to see. That\u2019s why we\u2019ve created our own Innovation Stack comprised of the software tools that automate digital transformation and rapid prototyping. Many of the tools in this stack are created in open source repositories, where we welcome your contributions. Location Our headquarters are in Mid City New Orleans, and we have offices in Chicago and Dallas. Our team is distributed nationally, and we work remotely a significant portion of the time. But, we would love to find employees in these areas so that they can spend some time in our offices as needed. Benefits and Perks Health insurance, 401(k), 21 paid days off a year, plus 10 holidays. We offer flexible work times and locations. Company Values Our Core Values are meaningless if we don\u2019t live them every day, and we do live them every day. We communicate openly, often, and with empathy. We trust each other to perform the tasks we\u2019ve been assigned and communicate challenges early. This allows us to clearly call out what we\u2019re going to do and move forward fearlessly. We apply pragmatic ingenuity to build things better. We believe in building alliance between work and life. We are always investing in making ourselves and our company better. And we take the time to celebrate each victory. Why We Want You To Work At Revelry You are a good communicator who has contributed in any way to open source \u2013 or, you\u2019re looking for a role where you can give back to open source. This demonstrates that you\u2019re interested in collaboration.                          (Bonus points if your contribution is made here: RevelryLabs) You are comfortable calling out your plan without waiting for permission \u2013 \u201ccalling your shot\u201d. You can earn our trust by sharing your thoughts and making commitments, and you\u2019re willing to trust your teammates to do the same. You see your work all the way through to the end. You can debate with empathy. You are self-motivated, which means you handle your own time. You are not afraid to try new things, and you\u2019re enthusiastic about helping others learn and grow. You are pragmatic and can balance \u201ctextbook correctness\u201d against practical reality. You can keep your eye on the goal, while communicating early and often throughout a sprint. Current Openings Software Engineering Apprentice We are looking for Software Engineering Apprentices to join our team. Nice To Have Computer Science Degree, graduate of a code school/bootcamp, or even self taught skills Experience in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Any other languages, frameworks, or technologies (e.g. Python/Django, Node.js, React, Laravel, Java, iOS, etc.) Apply For Software Engineering Apprentice Senior Blockchain Architect We are looking for an experienced, Senior Blockchain Architect. Required Skills Hyperledger Fabric experience Architect and stand-up blockchain nodes and automate the blockchain node deployment in Cloud (AWS, Google, Microsoft) Experience analyzing, designing, implementing and maintaining a highly-scalable multi-party blockchain application Nice To Have Experience with a server-side MVC framework (preferably Elixir/Phoenix or Ruby on Rails) Any other languages, frameworks, or technologies: e.g. Python/Django, Node.js, React, Laravel, Java, iOS, etc. Apply For Senior Blockchain Architect DevOps Engineer We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated DevOps Engineer. Required Skills Deploying, scaling, and troubleshooting applications in production with Kubernetes Building infrastructure on public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or GCE Certified Kubernetes Administrator or willingness to become certified once hired Nice To Have Other Kubernetes Certifications such as Certified Kubernetes Application Developer Any AWS Certifications Experience with CI/CD tools such as Travis CI Apply For DevOps Engineer Product Manager We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated Product Manager. REQUIRED SKILLS Significant experience in Product Management Expert-level communicator NICE TO HAVE Background in UX Design and/or Development Apply for Product Manager Front-End Designer We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated Front-End Designer. REQUIRED SKILLS Writing and maintaining styles (SCSS, post-CSS) Building product style libraries (e.g. reusable components) Cross-browser and accessibility testing NICE TO HAVE Product branding (logos, colors, establishing design patterns and visual languages) Apply for Front-End Designer Software Engineer We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated Software Engineer. REQUIRED SKILLS Experience with a server-side MVC framework (preferably Phoenix or Rails) Experience in HTML, CSS and JavaScript NICE TO HAVE Any other languages, frameworks, or technologies: e.g. Python/Django, Node.js, React, Laravel, Java, iOS, etc. Apply for Software Engineer Software Engineer - Dallas, TX We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated Software Engineer. REQUIRED SKILLS Experience with a server-side MVC framework (preferably Phoenix or Rails) Experience in HTML, CSS and JavaScript NICE TO HAVE Any other languages, frameworks, or technologies: e.g. Python/Django, Node.js, React, Laravel, Java, iOS, etc. Apply for Software Engineer - Dallas, TX Sales Development Representative We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated Sales Development Representative. REQUIRED SKILLS A quick learner who is fast on their feet and easily adapts to new technology Incredibly organized and detail-oriented individual with excellent time management skills Creative individual motivated to break into new opportunities using a variety of methods, including, but not limited to, social media, telephone, email, etc. NICE TO HAVE You are familiar with customer acquisition and marketing automation techniques A proven track record of successful prospect engagement Apply For Sales Development Representative A Future Role at Revelry Revelry is rapidly growing, and we may not have started advertising for the next role. But if you know you belong at Revelry, we welcome you to apply! Apply for a Future Role at Revelry Get in Touch Locations New Orleans Office 4200 Canal Street, Suite E New Orleans, LA 70119 Chicago Office 5940 N Sheridan Road Chicago, IL 60660 Contact Us Like what you see? Email us and we'll get back to you right away. Contact Us About Our Work Blog Contact Brand Assets Coding Creativity Team Revely Labs Projects were developed with support from Louisiana Economic Development\u2019s Office of Entertainment Industry Development",
    "Url": "https://revelry.co/careers/"
}