{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "http://careers.shivom.io/senior-bioinformatician-24891",
    "DomainId": "shivom",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://careers.shivom.io/",
        "http://careers.shivom.io/senior-bioinformatician-24891"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Language": "English",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Senior Bioinformatician at Shivom",
    "Hash": "035856BFA21C921E16D15B5CA17299C0",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Senior Bioinformatician at Shivom Apply Now London, England, United Kingdom £50,000 per annum Permanent View all jobs at Shivom We\u2019re looking for a highly skilled, raw and unorthodox lead bioinformatician. Working at Shivom you\u2019ll have the opportunity of accessing one of the most unique and ever growing multi-omics and phenotypic datasets in the world as we pursuit to create the largest genomic data marketplace worldwide.  With all this at your disposal, we are seeking a practitioner that will help create novel statistical genetics/ GWAS frameworks for analysing, as well as curating current industry standard pipeline to be used on the platform for our customers in Pharma, Biotech and Academia. We seek to remove all of the bulky, and often ugly (and boring) parts of the analysing dataset (importing, cleaning..), into an intuitive click, drag and drop like interface for complex analysis and stunning interactive graphs. Our platform is terminal and coding free, as this is all managed in the backend with your help. Your main role will be leading Bioinformatics Team in London within the Product Group in order to implement new pipelines, data QC\u2019ing/cleaning, assist in delivering new features on the platform that will help customers easily utilise all the tools and pipelines available. Finally help create stunning interactive graphs. You will mentor and develop junior bioinformaticians. You will also be needed to work closely with VP Product to conceptualised and develop new features and products. Responsibilities Implement new pipelines on the platform. Develop and maintain high quality QC methods for our data. Updating pipeline stack to have high quality and cutting edge analytical tools for customers in pharma and biotech. Briefing bioinformatic team with the latest techniques in the field. Requirements 4+ years experience in working in bioinformatics (academia or industry) Educated to MSc level (or higher), in Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Computer Science, or a related scientific discipline. 1+ year experience cloud/cluster implementation of reproducible containerised scientific workflow, specifically Next-flow.  Experience leading bioinformatics team as PI or industry lead. Extensive experience in analysis of large-scale genomic data using bioinformatics tools and pipelines. Experience working with Docker/Git and/or Cloud experience. Experience with using third-party APIs (REST, language-specific APIs)Team skills and Communication Demonstrable experience in GWAS analysis. Competence in R, Python or similar language appropriate for large-scale genomics analysis. Experience in visualisation of biological datasets using D3.js, bokeh, matplotlib, plotly, seaborn and/or ggplot. Analysing and interpreting sequencing / NGS data (eg RNA-Seq, ChIP-Seq, WES, WGS, ATAC-Seq); Nice to haves Experience of GWAS as well as summary statistics based downstream analysis Experience in using genetics/clinical data for drug discovery and biomarker discovery. Experience with biological dataset annotations and pathways analysis. Exposure to clinical and phenotypic data management such as UK Biobank, 100,000 Genomes Project, FinnGen or other EHR based studies. Background in human disease genetics, preferably in cancer or rare disease, demonstrated by publication record or industry track record. Strong leadership skill. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal and excellent facilitation, influencing and presentation skills. Good customer-service orientation, disposition to help, and experience in working with customers, preferably in the scientific/pharma industry. Excellent team working skills and comfortable working as part of matrix teams and as part of external teams to ensure delivery. Adaptable to an ever-evolving working environment Proven ability to communicate with stakeholders from diverse backgrounds (e.g. management, IT, R and D, biology, bioinformatics).  Apply Now Powered by",
    "Url": "http://careers.shivom.io/senior-bioinformatician-24891"
}