{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "SeedUrl": "http://careers.shivom.io/digital-marketing-manager-24867",
    "DomainId": "shivom",
    "OutLinks": [
        "http://careers.shivom.io/",
        "http://careers.shivom.io/digital-marketing-manager-24867"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Language": "English",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Digital Marketing Manager at Shivom",
    "Hash": "D2CA096D54F6A74AAA85AD4FFDB4A550",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Digital Marketing Manager at Shivom Apply Now London, England, United Kingdom £45,000 per annum Permanent View all jobs at Shivom We are searching for a highly-creative Digital Marketing Manager to join our marketing team. In this position, you will be responsible for all aspects of our digital marketing operations. Your central goal is to help grow our brand\u2019s influence while also increasing brand loyalty and awareness. Your duties will include planning, implementing, and monitoring our digital marketing campaigns across all digital networks. Our ideal candidate is someone with experience in marketing, art direction, and social media management. In addition to being an outstanding communicator, you will also demonstrate excellent interpersonal and analytical skills. Responsibilities Design and oversee all aspects of our digital marketing department including our marketing database, email, and display advertising campaigns. Develop and monitor campaign budgets. Plan and manage our social media platforms. Prepare accurate reports on our marketing campaign\u2019s overall performance. Coordinate with advertising and media experts to improve marketing results. Identify the latest trends and technologies affecting our industry. Evaluate important metrics that affect our website traffic, service quotas, and target audience. Work with your team to brainstorm new and innovative growth strategies. Oversee and manage all contests, giveaways, and other digital projects. Requirements Bachelor\u2019s degree in Marketing or relevant field. A minimum of 5 years\u2019 experience in a digital marketing or advertising position. In-depth knowledge of various social media platforms, best practices, and website analytics. Solid understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is required. Highly creative with excellent analytical abilities. Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills. Up-to-date on the latest trends and technologies in digital marketing. Apply Now Powered by",
    "Url": "http://careers.shivom.io/digital-marketing-manager-24867"
}