{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.spl.yt/intern-business-development",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.spl.yt/",
        "https://www.spl.yt/blockchain",
        "https://www.spl.yt/careers",
        "https://www.spl.yt/contact",
        "https://www.spl.yt/devs",
        "https://www.spl.yt/img/splyt_one_page_whitepaper.pdf",
        "https://www.spl.yt/img/splyt_technical_whitepaper.pdf",
        "https://www.spl.yt/img/splyt_whitepaper.pdf",
        "https://www.spl.yt/learn-more",
        "https://www.spl.yt/privacy",
        "https://www.spl.yt/splytcorefoundation"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html",
    "Parent": "https://www.spl.yt/careers",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "spl.yt \u2013 decentralized e-commerce",
    "Hash": "E3DF91B62FEFA7B3F67615608C18001C",
    "Url": "https://www.spl.yt/blockchain",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "spl",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Home Blockchain Learn More Devs Blog Careers See Now Powering the modern e-commerce affiliate sales network Splyt is a decentralzied affiliate inventory network that utilizes blockchain technology to increase market reach, generate sales, transact fairly, and reduce costs without middlemen fees or brokers Technical Paper Whitepaper One Pager About Splyt Splyt gives sellers the same market reach as Alibaba without the cost. Splyt streamlines the supply chain of e-commerce sales across multiple marketplaces by using a global inventory, affiliate sales system that leverages blockchain technology. By removing middlemen, Splyt allows affiliate sales while preventing the \u2018double-sell\u2019 problem when demand exceeds inventory. This increases Seller\u2019s market reach with no intermediaries. Splyt Protocol Splyt has built the databasing and search engine functionality necessary for affiliate marketing retail e-commerce goods via tokenizing asset listings through smart contract escrows. These tokenized asset listings carry the ability for Sellers to offer bounties for affiliates and other parties who help facilitate a sale or transaction. A thorough and effective search through existing catalogs and inventories is necessary for Consumers to locate items they wish to purchase from Sellers. The following illustrates how Splyt solves the problem by using Splyt\u2019s global inventory system. TOKEN MECHANICS SCENARIO 1 Marketing and Bounties The Splyt token represents e-commerce transaction \u201cbandwidth\u201d for sellers. In order to list something for sale, a seller must stake some tokens to prevent spamming the network. Once the item is listed, it automatically syncs to all Splyt affiliates and marketplaces with an incentivization to source a buyer for the item and collect the bounty. SCENARIO 2 TCR Fraud Prevention The Splyt Token is designed to leverage legacy systems\u2019 positive incentives for dispute resolution through an automated means that alleviates cost and time barriers associated with arbitration. We enable validators in our network to interact with the Global Listing base in a Token Curated Registry (\u201cTCR\u201d) method. This double-stake method can be leveraged at any point where human actors are capable of bad faith behavior. SCENARIO 3 Payment Escrows The Splyt Token is designed escrow funds on a purchase to protect buyers. Once the buyer receives the item, the funds will be released to the seller and affiliate(s). If the item is not delivered, the buyer can initiate the Splyt dispute protocol outlined above. HISTORICAL ACHIEVEMENTS First Half 2017 The Beginnings Cyrus and Josh meet to discuss how to solve the inventory cross-database issues of e-commerce affiliate marketing Initial team formed. Second Half 2017 Smart Contracts First Splyt smart contract suite released as an alpha on Ethereum Ropstein Tokenization First real world inventory is tokenized as NFTs on Splyt First Half 2018 Reward Contract Automated affiliate reward contract released. Investment Science Blockchain invests into Splyt. Inventory Management Global inventory management using Splyt blockchain database schemas updated. Second Half 2018 RISE Startup Program Splyt wins and is selected into the RISE beta startup program in Hong Kong. Arbitration P2P Arbitration contracts released. Fraud Protection TCR to prevent inventory fraud and spam released. First Half 2019 Data Storage Splyt data storage and event mechanism released. Beta Contracts Splyt release their beta smart contract suite. Global Expansion Splyt opens up South Korea office. South East Asia SE Asia choosen as first launch demographic for Splyt mainnet. ROADMAP 4th Quarter 2019 Shopify Integration Shopify inegration will allow any Shopify store connect to the Splyt Platform easily through the Shopify App Store. IEO and Mainnet Launch Launch IEO and the Splyt platform, starting in the South East Asia Regions. 1st Quarter 2020 Side Chain PoS Splyt Side Chains will allow validators to earn more tokens. Klatyn Integration (Kakao) Plan to be in the Klaytn ISP (Initial Service Providor) ecosystem to grow the Splyt userbase. 2nd Quarter 2020 Cafe24 Integration Cafe24 inegration will allow any Cafe24 store connect to the Splyt Platform easily through the Cafe 24 App Store. Decentralized Metadata Storage IPFS and other leading distrubuted datastore layers will be integrated to reduce gas costs and consitency of product descriptions. 3rd Quarter 2020 GraphQL Public API An open API (Advanced Programming Interface) will allow the creation of native Splyt stores, apps and web browser extensions. Decentralized Third-Party Logistics An open API middleware that will connect Splyt orders with Logistics providers to reduce costs of shipping for sellers. 4th Quarter 2020 Decentralized Splyt Governance Fully handover governance of the Splyt Platform to Splyt Network Token holders. Magento Integration Magento inegration will allow any Magento e-commerce store connect to the Splyt Platform easily through the Magento App Store. Open Source Code View on Github Reward mechanism from asset contract (for fractionally / single purchased items) Features Global Inventory Management Spl.yt automatically pushed seller\u2019s inventory to the blockchain Instant Affiliate Payouts Affiliates are paid instantly after a successful sale from the global inventory Universal Reputation System Reputation follows and protects users no matter where they shop Pre-Dispute Resolution Spl.yt streamlines disputes without intermediaries Fractional Sales and Ownership Increase market size by allowing fractional purchases of luxury goods Marketplace Analytics Maximize your sales with real-time analytics tracked by the blockchain Investors & Partners Core Team CYRUS TAGHEHCHIAN Founder, CEO and CFO DIPEN JOSHI Founder, Chief Technology Officer JOSEPH EUI-YEOL YOO Chief Operating Officer TJ CHANG Chief Business Development Officer Leo Jeong Lead Solidity and Security Engineer MIKE REILLY Blockchain UX Developer ROMAN TSAROVSKY Marketing and Automation Engineer ANDRES MEGO Account and Community Manager RAY SARKIS Project Manager ERIC MCHUGH Account Executive Experience From Advisors GREG GILMAN Partner, Science Blockchain, Inc. KYLE CHASSE CEO Master Ventures DAVID CHAN E-commerce SME, Deloitte ROB FOX CTO HGData, Director of Engineering MuleSoft RALEIGH HARBOUR Founder, GenesisBlock JONATHAN MCKEEVER E-commerce Director, Sephora ISMAIL MALIK CEO, Blockchain Labs MICHAL HERZYK Token Economist, Master Ventures In the Media News & Announcements Stay connected with Spl.yt Get Notified CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY ASK US ANYTHING AT HELLO@SPL.YT 2019 SPL.YT CORE FOUNDATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED"
}