{
    "SeedUrl": "https://swazm.com/jobs/detail/vuejs-javascrip-front-end-dev-2",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://swazm.com/jobs",
        "https://swazm.com/jobs/apply/2",
        "https://swazm.com/jobs/detail/vuejs-javascrip-front-end-dev-2"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Detail | SWAZM - Cross-Cloud Management Platform",
    "Hash": "E8C82C4EB68805892124105592B3A999",
    "Url": "https://swazm.com/jobs/detail/vuejs-javascrip-front-end-dev-2",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "swazm",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Message of the DaySupporting small businesses during the COVID-19 outbreak Read More Home Products Units Cloud Management Managed Services Technology Blockchain LoadBalancer Use Cases Partnerships Foundation Academy Community Teach and be taught Grow Launchpad Events My Cart Sign in SWAZM Careers Join our ever-expanding team and grow your career while doing what you love Apply Now! Jobs / VueJS - JavaScrip Front End Dev This is a hands-on role where you\u2019ll write code daily and contribute to production releases multiple times a month. You will be involved in developing web interfaces and lots of other types of in-house projects. The team is working with new technologies and uses Docker to deploy its apps faster and safer. If you like to learn, don\u2019t worry, you will eventually learn everything on this list and much more.   Responsibilities Implement and test software modules that meet design specifications Create, execute and document the tests necessary to ensure that an application or technical environment meets performance requirements (technical, functional and user interface) Participate in identifying configuration changes to applications so that they meet business requirements Integrate technical and application components Maintain, tune and repair applications in order to keep them performing according to technical and functional specifications Perform preventive maintenance activities Requirements Strong JavaScript/ES6 experience is required  1+ years of experience with VueJS or React Knowledge of: CSS/CSS3 and preprocessors, Mobile First Understand the performance implications of various DOM interactions Experience with Responsive Design (Bootstrap, Bulma, Foundation, Flexbox) Experience in architecting appropriate Git workflows for a project Experience with Webpack or Grunt, and their respective development workflows Experience with Continuous Integration servers and in building up one Experience in working with APIs Nice to Have Experience using preprocessors LESS/SCSS Building cross-platform desktop apps (Electron framework) Experience using Parse Knowledge about Docker and working with containers Experience using Vuex Dependency managers (npm, yarn) Good knowledge of Grunt Good grasp of asynchronous programming Is this you? Passionate about programming with the desire to learn new technologies Strong communication and interpersonal skills Good organizational and analytical skills Proactive and detail-oriented Able to work both independently and in team environments Able to understand complex business requirements It\u2019s great working at SWAZM! Here\u2019s why... Imagine being a part of the change in how we all use tech for scaling projects and businesses. Here you learn from the best and evolve within the team. We are also that sociable group that plans regular outings and active team buildings. Join us over drinks outside the office, chats, and activity games during breaks. By joining SWAZM, you have a chance to create the future of cloud computing and constantly improve your professional expertise.  Health Prioritize health by offering you access to a premium subscription at Regina Maria private clinic PTOs Allow you time to take the necessary time off to recharge, or take care of health issues if they happen to appear Save on commute Have a spot for your car in one of our underground parking spaces. No more worries about parking spots in the city  Reward pool Offer access to the company reward pool in cryptocurrencies, integrating work with personal gains Prime location Save your commute time - Our office is situated in central Bucharest, in Romana Square, 2 minutes away from the subway Sponsored Events We are that sociable team that plans regular outings. Join us over drinks, chats, and activity games Sport Activity We choose to have fun in our breaks, so come join us over PS4 games and Darts in the Relaxation Room Eat & Drink Have lunch and coffee in our large Cafeteria. Gather with colleagues around a fun chat and well-deserved break Apply Now! Company About Team Blog Careers Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Website Disclaimer GDPR Compliance Products Units Cloud Management Managed Services Documentation Release Notes Foundation Academy Community Teach and be Taught Grow Launchpad Events Blog Apparel Contact Support Sales Abuse Status © 2020, SWAZM. All trademarks and copyrights belong to SWAZM SRL"
}