{
    "SeedUrl": "https://unlock-protocol.com/jobs",
    "OutLinks": ["https://unlock-protocol.com/jobs"],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Work at Unlock | Unlock: The Web's new business model",
    "Hash": "21E146058C6E6A52B440AB4E7B903947",
    "Url": "https://unlock-protocol.com/jobs",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-26",
    "DomainId": "unlock-protocol",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "AboutAbout BlogBlog Source Code Docs Telegram Twitter Bars Chevron Up Work at Unlock Senior Full Stack Engineer Frontend Engineer People first We want to provide an environment where you can do your best work. This includes (but is not limited to): Comprehensive health care (including dental and vision) for you, 100% paid by Unlock (75% for your dependents). Unlimited personal and vacation days. Learning and development budget for each employee. Monthly wellness stipend that can be used for a gym membership, nutrition counseling, yoga or meditation classes, or any other wellness activity of your choice. Your choice of technical setup (laptop, monitors and software licenses). Catered lunch every day in the office. Citibike membership. Flexible work from home policy. Interview Process We've clearly-defined our hiring process in order to evaluate your application in a fair, inclusive way, as well as to let you prepare. Initial chat conversation with our founder Julien (find him in our Telegram group!). Open Source Bounty assignment: all of Unlock's code is public. We'll ask you to submit a pull request for one of the issues which has a bounty (look for the💰gitcoin label). Once your Pull Request has been merged, we'll invite you for a second round of interviews (expect 3 or 4) with the team. We'll call the references you provide (please have your resumé ready and updated too!) We thrive to be respectful of your time and effort by providing you feedback early and often. Full Stack Engineer New York \u2014 Engineering \u2014 Full Time About You Do you think that the web's original sin is its lack of business model? Do you think that individuals, democracies and the web, deserve better than click-bait, information overload and fake news? Are you excited about empowering creators by building the tools and interfaces which will let them monetize their creations without gatekeepers? Do you want to learn and share your experiences with a team of skillful and curious colleagues? You should consider joining the Unlock team on our journey. About The Role At Unlock, you'll work with a team of experienced engineers, open web advocates and entrepreneurs who founded successful companies with significant exits. Unlock will soon become the default business model for the web - and you should expect your code and designs to be used by hundreds of millions of users, all over the world. We value positive energy, curiosity and constant learning, so you should expect this job description to be slightly outdated after a couple months. At first, we believe you'll help us with: Design a service-oriented architecture to cover Unlock's backend needs (storage, background jobs, APIs...) Implement services to normalize and store data pulled from our smart contracts Build both client-side and server-side APIs which will be used to communicate data between our servers on our front end applications Candidates for this position should have a solid background in back-end technologies, as well as the ability to consider front-end challenges. You should be able to make solid technical choices while taking into account differing requirements from a wide range of stakeholders in a software architecture. Previous experience in open source development and a strong interest in crypto / decentralization is a plus. Requirements 5+ years of experience in software engineering on both front-end and back-end technologies Experience working on a large production codebases, including deployments You ship high quality, well tested and documented code to meet the needs of users, customers, and colleagues Great communication skills to ensure efficient collaboration with other team members and our community Be a steward and influencer of our early engineering culture In NYC or willing to relocate Great to have Managed small to mid size teams (including hiring and mentoring) Experience working on open source projects Passion for cryptography and cyber security Compensation : $130K \u2013 $160K, stock options Applications If you are interested in applying for a position at Unlock, please send an email containing your resume, Github, and LinkedIn to julien@unlock-protocol.com, and reach out to Julien in our Telegram group!). Front-End Engineer New York \u2014 Engineering \u2014 Full Time About You Do you think that the web's original sin is its lack of business model? Do you think that individuals, democracies and the web, deserve better than click-bait, information overload and fake news? Are you excited about empowering creators by building the tools and interfaces which will let them monetize their creations without gatekeepers? Do you want to learn and share your experiences with a team of skillful and curious colleagues? You should consider joining the Unlock team on our journey. About The Role At Unlock, you'll work with experienced engineers, open web advocates and entrepreneurs who founded successful companies with significant exits. Unlock will soon become the default business model for the web - and you should expect your code and designs to be used by hundreds of millions of users, all over the world. We value positive energy, curiosity and constant learning, so you should expect this job description to be slightly outdated after a couple months. At first, we believe you'll help us with: Tools for creators: You will be in charge of building a comprehensive yet simple interface to empower creators to create the locks they need and embed them in their own sites or platforms. Checkout UX: Unlock will provide the best paywall you\u2019ve ever used. It needs to be smooth and elegant. Front-end architecture: Both of the goals above will be served by a robust and maintainable architecture. Your job includes making informed decisions based on these goals as well as implementing a technical foundation that will enable rapid iteration. Candidates for this position should have a solid background in front-end technologies like React, Redux and the whole JavaScript stack. Previous experience in open source development and a strong interest in crypto / decentralization is a plus. Requirements 2+ years of experience in software engineering Deep working knowledge/expertise with modern client side JavaScript applications and frameworks (React, Redux, SASS...) Advanced knowledge of the web stack and standards (ES6/7, PWA...) You ship high quality, well tested and documented code to meet the needs of users, customers, and colleagues High degree of autonomy and extensive communication skills to ensure that efficient collaboration with other team members and our community Be a steward and influencer of our early engineering culture In NYC or willing to relocate Great to have Experience working on open source projects Passion of cryptography and cyber security Interest in user experience and the visual arts Compensation : $110K \u2013 $140K, stock options Check out our open source code on GitHub, come work with us or simply get in touch. AboutAbout BlogBlog Docs Source Code Telegram TwitterMade with passion in New York"
}