{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=1559064",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/",
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=1559064",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Join our team at Veem",
    "Hash": "95E8E591691FB43734BE301A561081E0",
    "Url": "https://www.veem.com/careers/",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "veem",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read moreApply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read more +1.877.279.2629 Track Payment Claim Payment Log In Sign Up Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Mass Payments How It Works Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Zapier Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security Country Guides Blog White Papers Help Center State of SMB Report About About Us Careers Contact Veem In The News Press Releases Countries Served Legal Licenses Launch your career in fintech Become a part of our dynamic startup family and help transform the world of finance View Current openings Veem\u2019s vision is a simple, secure, and fair finance world where equal opportunities await businesses small and large. Our not-so-secret weapons are cutting-edge technology and a strong, dedicated team. Help us change the world one payment at a time! Meet some of our team Veem gives me the opportunity to be part of the 1% of individuals who seek personal growth and development to be part of something bigger than themselves. Throughout my tenure with Veem, I feel like a part of an extended family that values my ideas, thoughts and vision. Veem is a company that looks out for the little guy, something that not all big corporations actively pursue. Veem helps me push my career to a level higher than I thought I could reach and gives the opportunity to apply my academic skills while growing and developing new skills along the way. This job has helped raise my self confidence outside of my professional work environment to the constant changes life presents us. My team is the personification of \u201cOne Team, One Veem.\u201d We all come from a wide range of ethnic and professional backgrounds that complement one another\u2019s strengths and weaknesses. As such, we operate as a single unit working towards a unified goal. I find myself becoming a better version of myself as the days go on and I have Veem to thank for that. Badar M. \u2013 Payment Operations Specialist Veem means helping strengthen the global economy. Working at Veem has allowed me to grow tremendously. It helped me hone my current skills and develop new ones by constantly challenging me to innovate and to think big. The whole company is my team at Veem. Being a part of a start up and witnessing the growth and success first hand is an unreal experience. It\u2019s amazing to see how far the product has come and I can only imagine how much further it will go. Getting to work with many different people with many different talents with one goal in mind makes us unstoppable. Rosalie P. \u2013 Sr. Payment Processing Specialist Veem has been the best opportunity for growth that I have ever experienced. I have learned more in my time here than I can say of any other business I\u2019ve worked at. The team is motivated, driven, collaborative and fun, and everyone has the same goal; to build something great. Veem has given me a career and team that I am excited to wake up and get to every morning. David C. \u2013 Enablement Manager Load More Our values Move fast, learn fast, innovate Concentrate on a creative solution, find the fastest possible way to remove uncertainty, identify the best people to accomplish it, and don\u2019t accept roadblocks getting there. Integrity without compromise Hold yourself to the highest standards and have pride in your work. Work hard together with intellectual honesty, wisdom and real-time communication. We transfer people\u2019s money, and nothing should jeopardize their trust in us. Embrace the adventure Don\u2019t be shy. Embrace the natural chaos of a hard-charging and disruptive startup and have fun doing it. We are all authorized to do what is necessary to pursue the best option for growth while taking care of our customers. Customer forward Develop and deliver a customer informed, simply magical experience that business owners love. One team, one Veem Directly engage with each other to solve the customers\u2019 problems. We rise or sink together, as one team. Not as departments, nor as individuals. View Current Openings Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Countries Served Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security How It Works Country Guides Blog White Papers Wire Transfer International Transfers Payments Blockchain Help Center +1.877.279.2629 Veem Company Directory Licenses Legal © 2020 Veem. All Rights Reserved."
}