{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=1559064",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/",
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/",
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=2065896"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Postings | Veem",
    "Hash": "3773DEAD55463DF30F9A9E28811A9257",
    "Url": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=2065896",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "veem",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read moreApply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read more +1.877.279.2629 Track Payment Claim Payment Log In Sign Up Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Mass Payments How It Works Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Zapier Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security Country Guides Blog White Papers Help Center State of SMB Report About About Us Careers Contact Veem In The News Press Releases Countries Served Legal Licenses Home / Careers / Openings / Job Postings Data Analyst San Francisco, CA | DataApply Now About Veem Veem empowers businesses who spend too much time and money dealing with inefficient financial payment systems. Our transparent, relationship-based payments model makes it easy to build trust with your vendors, contractors and customers by providing a quick and seamless payable and receivable process. We make the process even easier for these clients by supporting integration with all major accounting software including QuickBooks, Netsuite, and Xero.  Backed by top investors such as Goldman Sachs, Kleiner Perkins and Google Ventures, Veem is a fast-growing financial technology company that is changing the way companies pay and get paid. Veem is seeking a Data Analyst to join our growing team to innovate the next generation of our global payments platform. As a Data Analyst, the candidate will work in a fast paced environment with growing business needs, learning new skills, tools and technologies, and have an overall desire to contribute to company growth. With explosive growth of data, we\u2019re looking for talented Data Analysts to join the Data platform team. The ideal candidate is data curious, detail oriented, great at communication, and loves solving problems. Responsibilities:  Build rigorous tools that define success metrics and track Key Performance Indicators(KPI) on a weekly/monthly basis. Provide access to data through dashboards and other analytical tools to empower through self-service. Look for opportunities to automate insights through alerting and anomaly detection. Ad-hoc reporting and analytics for the Sales, Finance, Product, Marketing, and Operations teams. Implement business intelligence tools like looker/tableau for dashboard reports. Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders and leadership teams. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources. Subject matter expert: Acting as the subject matter expert on data and insights matters related to Veem. Qualifications: Data driven mindset with an advanced degree preferred in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or Mathematics. 4-6 years of relevant analytical work experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations. Ability to write complex, efficient and eloquent SQL queries to extract data for analysis. Have a solid understanding of SQL and can use or a willingness to learn R/Python. Experience working in Looker or Tableau is a plus. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams. Ability to prioritize against competing priorities and good attention to details. Highly motivated, result-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-pace environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance. Veem is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.   Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Countries Served Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security How It Works Country Guides Blog White Papers Wire Transfer International Transfers Payments Blockchain Help Center +1.877.279.2629 Veem Company Directory Licenses Legal © 2020 Veem. All Rights Reserved."
}