{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=1559064",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/",
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/",
        "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=2266783"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=UTF-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "Careers",
    "Title": "Job Postings | Veem",
    "Hash": "81B8AA33D0EDB4D7DB4FBE0EC73E99B1",
    "Url": "https://www.veem.com/careers/openings/job-postings/?job=2266783",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-28",
    "DomainId": "veem",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Apply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read moreApply for your SBA PPP loan with Veem. Read more +1.877.279.2629 Track Payment Claim Payment Log In Sign Up Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Mass Payments How It Works Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Zapier Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security Country Guides Blog White Papers Help Center State of SMB Report About About Us Careers Contact Veem In The News Press Releases Countries Served Legal Licenses Home / Careers / Openings / Job Postings Director of Product Management San Francisco, CA | Product ManagementApply Now Veem empowers businesses who spend too much time and money dealing with inefficient financial payment systems. Our transparent, relationship-based payments model makes it easy to build trust with your vendors, contractors and customers by providing a quick and seamless payable and receivable process. We make the process even easier for these clients by supporting integration with all major accounting software including QuickBooks, Netsuite, and Xero.  Backed by top investors such as Goldman Sachs, Kleiner Perkins and Google Ventures, Veem is a fast-growing financial technology company that is changing the way companies pay and get paid. Veem is looking for a Director of Product that is passionate about understanding user needs and pain points and is able to develop a customer-first product vision. The ideal candidate will be working with cross-functional teams to ensure that our solutions are scalable and reusable.    You Will:  Deeply understand Veem customers and their needs, and guide the teams to work on remarkable solutions Operated on a model that has network effects where the growth is fundamentally driven by customers bringing in other customers Develop a customer-first product vision, strategy and roadmap. This includes non-product solutions (e.g., process change, vendor integration), maintaining and prioritizing the product backlog Work with cross functional teams of Designers, Data Analysts, Engineers and domain experts to implement, rollout and measure meaningful features from concept through planning to development, launch, and post-launch support Act with a sense of urgency, intellectual curiosity, go beyond boundaries of what your job description states Identify new growth opportunities via quantitative research, UX studies, and reviews of industry standard methodologies Serve as the point person for your product area to leadership and across the organization Managed and build out a Product Team Lead, Coach, and mentor Product Managers on your team    Qualifications: 8+ years experience as a Product Manager. Experience in payments and startup environment preferred Experience in building products for marketplaces and 2-sided markets such as B2B and B2C Passion for designing and building simple, usable products in a complex domain Highly quantitative, analytical and business-minded with an ability to tackle complex problems in an organized way Past experience in growing Product Teams  Payment / FX experience is a plus Ability to work on multiple Products  High energy, can-do attitude with willingness to do what it takes to get things done You love working with diverse teams and personalities, and people love working with you   Veem is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.   Solutions Send Payments Receive Payments Send Invoices Real-time payments Countries Served Pricing Integrations Partnerships Accountants Quickbooks Xero Netsuite Developers Resources Customer Stories Trust and Security How It Works Country Guides Blog White Papers Wire Transfer International Transfers Payments Blockchain Help Center +1.877.279.2629 Veem Company Directory Licenses Legal © 2020 Veem. All Rights Reserved."
}