{
    "Body": " Digital Transformation Consultant - Artificial Intelligence (AI) OR Advanced Analytics OR Cognitive Automation OR Blockchain at Hays Talent Solutions Llc Weehawken, NJ 07086 ? About the Job 5 month contract for Digital Transformation Consultant - Artificial Intelligence (AI), Advanced Analytics, Cognitive Automation and Blockchain Weehawken, New Jersey Our practice teams help UBS business functions implement their digital strategy and accomplish their ambitions in the areas of emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI), Advanced Analytics , Cognitive Automation and Blockchain. The Digital Practice is at the intersection of business, technology and innovative thinking. We accompany functions across all businesses to build a sustainable transformation; combining the power of emerging technologies with a profound understanding of UBS businesses. The team works in in close collaboration with the different functions, business divisions and external parties to achieve its goals. Requirements: At least 3 years of consulting experience with a prominent or boutique consulting firm, maintaining a focus on project management in the area of digital transformation and new technologies. Excellent university education - Master s degree a plus. Strong analytical background, attention to detail along with structured organization and planning skills. Highly driven and motivated with a can-do attitude and eager to learn and to solve complex problems. A strong written and verbal communicator, able to adapt and network across a global organization to work well with the team and to present well to stakeholders. Knowledge and hands on working experience in one or more of the following areas: Artificial Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, Cognitive Automation, Blockchain. Experience in any of these tools is a plus: Alteryx, DataIKU, Tableau, DataRobot, Workfusion, re:infer, Teneo, Amelia, Python. UBS (Union Bank of Switzerland) is a Swiss multinational investment bank and financial services company that maintains a presence in all major financial centers as the largest Swiss banking institution in the world. This position will be located at Weehawken, just 10 minutes from New York city. Your role Do you enjoy consulting and leading digital transformation projects? Are you looking for a unique opportunity to drive UBS's accelerating digital transformation? Are you passionate about new technologies like: Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Automation, Advanced Analytics, Blockchain. Your team You will be working in the brand new Digital Practice unit based in Weehawken. We are a dynamic and diverse team of transformation professionals with focus on emerging technology transformation. This unit is part of the broader newly created Group Internal Consulting department. We're looking for someone like this to: Lead, consult and implement digital transformation initiatives across all business functions considering the latest technological trends. Partner with senior management to build awareness, asses opportunities for new technologies and maximize value/impact of the function. Build trust and strong working relationships with Business and Technology stakeholders. Push forward the capabilities and performance of the team to strengthen and expand the service offering of the unit which align with the business needs for today and the future. - provided by Dice ", 
    "City": "New York city, Weehawken", 
    "CompanyName": "Hays Talent Solutions Llc", 
    "Country": "U.S., Switzerland", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-22", 
    "Date": ", today, 2 Days ago", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Duration": "5 month, 10 minutes, At least 3 years", 
    "Hash": "0460D221B927202FF7717618E697071F", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, United States", 
    "Organization": "Hays Talent Solutions Llc, Blockchain Weehawken NJ US Hays Talent Solutions Llc, Advanced Analytics, UBS, Teneo, Digital Practice, Hays Talent Solutions Llc Weehawken, Digital Transformation Consultant, Group Internal Consulting department, Jobs New Jersey Weehawken Want, Hays Talent Solutions Llc Apply", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/communityfeedback?jobid=0e624625-d6ac-4bf5-9eab-3386bbc459ab", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Digital-Transformation-Consultant-Artificial-Intelligence-AI-OR-Advanced-Analytics-OR-Cognitive-Automation-OR-Blockchain-Weehawken-NJ-US-Hays-Talent-Solutions-Llc/0e624625-d6ac-4bf5-9eab-3386bbc459ab"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://job-openings.monster.com/digital-transformation-consultant-artificial-intelligence-ai-or-advanced-analytics-or-cognitive-automation-or-blockchain-weehawken-nj-us-hays-talent-solutions-llc/0e624625-d6ac-4bf5-9eab-3386bbc459ab", 
    "Person": "Amelia, Blockchain, Python", 
    "Position": "Consultant", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "State_or_province": "OR, NJ, New Jersey", 
    "Title": "Digital Transformation Consultant - Artificial Intelligence (AI) OR Advanced Analytics OR Cognitive Automation OR Blockchain job at Hays Talent Solutions Llc | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/Digital-Transformation-Consultant-Artificial-Intelligence-AI-OR-Advanced-Analytics-OR-Cognitive-Automation-OR-Blockchain-Weehawken-NJ-US-Hays-Talent-Solutions-Llc/0e624625-d6ac-4bf5-9eab-3386bbc459ab"
}
