{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Automotive-Processor-Detroit-MI-US-Rock-Connections/baca2403-ad32-4964-bd0e-8dfb4a5a97d5",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/automotive-processor-detroit-mi-us-rock-connections/baca2403-ad32-4964-bd0e-8dfb4a5a97d5"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Automotive Processor job at Rock Connections | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "063B7AC200AD14B6128C8BD72B8F6C9C",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/automotive-processor-detroit-mi-us-rock-connections/baca2403-ad32-4964-bd0e-8dfb4a5a97d5",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Automotive Processor at Rock Connections Detroit, MI 48226   About the Job Preferred Qualifications Dealership experience Excellent communication, customer service and problem solving skills, including the ability to maintain composure under stress Strong organizational and time management skills Helpful attitude and friendly demeanor Highly professional and dependable Strong computer and internet skills Detail-oriented approach and the ability to function in a fast-paced environment Job Summary We are looking for an experienced Automotive Processor to perform a wide range of administrative and office support duties associated with vehicle documentation, such as titles, registrations, license plates, and other vehicle or owner information. This team member also helps with inventory tracking, record keeping and reporting as well as managing contractual documentation with numerous financial institutions. Ideally, this team member has some experience in a similar position. They can work in a fast-paced and challenging environment handling multiple projects, and they have excellent communication, administrative, organizational and computer skills. Responsibilities Manage vehicle documentation, including tax and title information, registrations, etc. Help with vehicle inventory control and maintain accurate records Manage contractual documentation with financial institutions Provide timely and accurate reports as required Provide administrative assistance as needed Who We Are Rock Connections is a contact services provider that makes interactions between brands and consumers easier and more effective. Serving a wide range of well-known national brands, we provide client care and sales for companies in a variety of industries, including finance, automotive and health care. Leveraging technology, data and industry-leading training to strategically connect with consumers, we improve conversion rates and provide a greater return on marketing investments for our partners. We have a proven track record of strengthening brand reputations and driving value for the businesses we represent. Disclaimer This is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group. "
}