{
    "Body": " Marketing Operations Manager at Vitamin T Menlo Park, CA ?? About the Job Job Description This subsidiary whose goal is to provide financial services that will enable people to access and participate in the Libra network, is seeking a marketing operations manager. Our first product will be a digital wallet for??a new global payments network powered by blockchain technology. Our vision is to reinvent money and transform the global economy so people everywhere can live better lives. This subisdiary will let you send to almost anyone with a smartphone, as easily and instantly as you might send a text message or photo, and at low to no cost. We are still early in the process of developing, and are looking for talented, passionate, mission-driven people to join our team so we can build a future together that empowers billions of people around the world. We are looking for an experienced marketing operations manager to support and enable our growing team with executional excellence. You are a process-oriented individual who can proactively identify and remove obstacles or execute on opportunity areas to elevate the level of efficiency and effectiveness of our entire marketing team. You thrive in chaos, are comfortable using data to inform and optimize processes and procedures and can easily pivot between multiple projects at any given point in time. You will lead integrated planning, operations, budgeting, & resource management, and manage ongoing strategic initiatives and projects, as needed. Collaboration, organization, and a constant need to optimize are key drivers to how you get things done. You\u2019ll use your operational skills and expertise to bring our extensive strategic plan to life in close partnership with different marketing areas, and cross-functional partners. Your experience will help us unlock new ways of working and enable us to develop methods of streamlining and improving internal workflows and processes. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in developing and executing programs and processes to improve the organizational efficiency, growth and team health of a multi-functional group. Problem-solving comes naturally and your ability to build consensus is a key strength to your success. The individual has a passion for and demonstrated strengths in project management and is able to work autonomously and cross-functionally in a fast-paced, start-up environment. No experience with blockchain technology required. This is a full-time position based with the team at HQ in Menlo Park, California. Responsibilities: ??? Establish planning and operations processes and programs to support the marketing organization, in order to help the team scale and work more efficiently. ??? Manage day-to-day operational needs of the marketing organization: ??? Drive projects with marketing leaders to optimize our organizational structure and overall organization health. ??? Partner with the brand and creative team to make sure we have efficient processes in place regarding our asset creation, management and deploying assets. ??? Work with marketers to manage campaign flight calendar and go-to-market plan ??? Own or support ad-hoc marketing projects, requests and/or analyses, as needed ??? Lead business planning efforts including H1/H2 goals, work prioritization for the group, headcount planning, and budget allocation. ??? Support initiatives to improve reporting and tracking across multiple cross-functional stakeholders: ??? Leverage measurement tools to enable program tracking. ??? Provide monthly updates on team initiatives and progress. ??? Interface with finance regarding budgeting and forecasting. Minimum Qualifications: ??? 8+ years of experience in project management/marketing and/or business operations/management consulting. ??? Distinctive project management abilities, with experience driving, prioritizing and executing on multiple projects autonomously, simultaneously and on-time. ??? Strong attention to detail, methodical and results-oriented, with the ability to translate ambiguity/strategy/complex problems into actionable solutions. ??? Experience executing and scaling cross-functional initiatives across a global organization. ??? Ability to shift priorities quickly and to act proactively, while maintaining organization and control. ??? Experience establishing effective relationships, influence, driving consensus, and collaborating internally and externally at all organizational levels. ??? Motivated and confident self-starter, who is a team player and able to masterfully communicate up/down/across the organization. Preferred Qualifications: ??? Experience in the fintech/financial services/payments industry or experience working for a large consumer brand. ??? Experience with quantitative analysis and impeccable business judgment. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Vitamin T", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "076ADA451937ABC860AFB98F672A1C2B", 
    "KeyTerms": "consensus, wallet, financial, collaboration, libra network, full time", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Menlo Park, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Marketing-Operations-Manager-Menlo-Park-CA-US-Vitamin-T/9dc8c607-92aa-4716-9919-80b38b8c77e6", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/marketing-operations-manager-menlo-park-ca-us-vitamin-t/9dc8c607-92aa-4716-9919-80b38b8c77e6"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Marketing Operations Manager job at Vitamin T | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/marketing-operations-manager-menlo-park-ca-us-vitamin-t/9dc8c607-92aa-4716-9919-80b38b8c77e6"
}
