{
    "Body": " Cisco Senior Systems Architect at Cisco Chicago, IL ?? About the Job Cisco Senior Systems Architect + Location: Chicago, Illinois, US + Additional Location(s) Madison, WI + Area of Interest Sales - Product + Job Type Professional + Technology Interest Cloud and Data Center, Networking, Security + Job Id 1287371 Why You\u2019ll Love Cisco You will change the World, you will become passionate about your employer and the brand you represent. Everything is converging on the Internet, making connections more meaningful than ever before in our lives. Our employees' groundbreaking ideas impact everything imaginable, from entertainment, healthcare, and education, to public and private sectors, smart cities, and everyday devices in our homes. Here, that means we will take creative ideas from the drawing board to dynamic solutions that have world impact. What You'll Do Cisco seeks an experienced Senior Systems Architect to help drive sales opportunities ata large Cellular and Mobility service provider in the Chicago area as well as a telecommunication provider in Madison, WI. As a Cisco Service Provider Systems Architect, you will provide technical leadership of the sales engagement. You will establish strong relationships within the customer organization and work to become the trusted advisor to those who influence technology and vendor/partner selection. You will also understand the business drivers behind the technology decisions of your customer and will be skilled at tying your messaging to the desired business outcomes of your customer. We are seeking the \"Systems Architect of tomorrow\u201d, with a strong foundation in traditional networking combined with a command of Mobility, virtualization, cloud and Datacenter technology. The ideal candidate will have a firm base of knowledge and experience in Service Provider Routing/Switching and Datacenter as a primary focus. As a secondary focus, Enterprise skillset is desired. Skills range from Service Provider and Enterprise networking to Compute, IT/Collab and Datacenter technologies. Cisco platform specific knowledge and experience is highly desired. The ideal candidate will have a background in these technologies and be well-versed in the interdependencies and call flows of network nodes within the Datacenter, Packet Core, cell site, Transport network, etc. This role requires operating across a broad spectrum of skills; from distilling complex technical information when messaging to a Director and VP level audience, to leading other personnel in the installation and configuration of software and hardware for demonstration in proof-of-concept lab environments. Who You\u2019ll Work With In this dynamic, customer-focused role, you will partner directly with one or more strategic account managers and leverage an extended team to position complex software and hardware solutions, focused on solving the business and technical problems of our customer. In that capacity, you will rely on an extended network of Cisco services professionals and business unit subject matter experts, with the support of your sales leadership/executives. Who You Are You excel at presenting technical architectures, solutions and products to key customer decision-makers. He or she should be comfortable presenting to both small and large audiences. This includes relationship building and maintaining strong relationships with platform and product owners of the customer. You possess relevant technical background and specific, technical skills applicable design and implementation of complex network architectures, spanning traditional Datacenter, private and public cloud datacenter, Core, Edge and Access Networking. Knowledge of Security, Cisco Intent Based Network Architecture, Automation and Orchestration in addition is very helpful. You have experience in software and hardware sales and should have a working knowledge of common open and proprietary operating systems (IE: Linux, Unix, Windows Server, etc), virtualization and containerization technology (VMWare, OpenStack, Kubernetes, etc.). Scripting, API integration, Database knowledge and software programming skills are a plus. This role requires someone who is highly collaborative and who excels when working in a virtual team environment. Equally important, the candidate must work in a partnered relationship with their Account Manager, Services, Overlay and Consulting Architects. The candidate must have strong written and verbal communication skills and experience working across geographic and organizational boundaries. To succeed in this role requires significant presence on premise at the customer's site and/or Cisco office in the Chicago area. Travel would be limited to Madison, WI in support of a secondary account. Even though a pre-sales role, it is also helpful to have post-sales skillset or knowledge. Additionally, being a strong communicator and leader in bringing groups of people together is important, including Cisco Business Units, AS or Customer Experience, the customer, etc. We Are Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \u201cold\u201d (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do \u2013 you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \u201cDigital Transformation\u201d is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Business Units, AS or Customer Experience, the customer, etc. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "09136DA44F93062B1DBFF44A66010906", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, containerization, genetic, kubernetes, scripting, linux, smart cities, machine learning, artificial intelligence, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Chicago, Illinois, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/cisco-senior-systems-architect-chicago-il-us-cisco/022153c9-40e1-46e7-8918-976257c9086b", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Cisco-Senior-Systems-Architect-Chicago-IL-US-Cisco/022153c9-40e1-46e7-8918-976257c9086b"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20proof", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20proof", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Cisco Senior Systems Architect job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/cisco-senior-systems-architect-chicago-il-us-cisco/022153c9-40e1-46e7-8918-976257c9086b"
}
