{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/International-Relocation-Counselor-Job-in-Houston-Houston-TX-US-Weichert/fedc2829-44aa-4019-8769-7de0fd793aeb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/international-relocation-counselor-job-in-houston-houston-tx-us-weichert/fedc2829-44aa-4019-8769-7de0fd793aeb"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "International Relocation Counselor Job in Houston job at Weichert | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "09EC4D1EF16D9250D7F8E42E7744C970",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/international-relocation-counselor-job-in-houston-houston-tx-us-weichert/fedc2829-44aa-4019-8769-7de0fd793aeb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " International Relocation Counselor Job in Houston at Weichert Houston, TX 77001   About the Job Weichert Workforce Mobility is hiring an International Relocation Counselor in our Houston, TX office. The International Relocation Counselor is responsible for facilitating the overall relocation process while relocating employees who are transferring to or from an international location. The position provides transferee case management, customer satisfaction and service delivery, supplier coordination, and revenue generation, while supporting One Company initiatives for cross-selling business. Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Acts as the Weichert Workforce Mobility main point of contact for administering the various phases of the international relocation process. Oversees the delivery of relocation services to transferees and their families using Weichert's best practices and service standards to ensure a high quality service delivery experience. Conducts a thorough needs assessment at the onset of the transfer process to establish the transferee's specific requirements and address any custom needs. Works with the transferee and/or family to ensure all needs are understood and met, and adjusts services and counseling to changing needs and conditions throughout the move process. Seeks opportunities to assist customer in the analysis of purchase versus rent and closely manages and monitors the home finding process, ensuring the Company maximizes its referral fee income and collection. Timely and accurate input of related data and the management of all opportunities through completion. Proactively provides continuing advice and support to both the client and transferee, maintaining regular contact throughout the relocation period. Provides direction to the transferee including policy and benefits counseling, work flow administration, home marketing and home finding support, household good shipments, settling in services, expense processing, cross cultural and language training, visa and immigration support, currency impact, travel, oversight of benefits utilization, financial services, supplier coordination, etc. Coordinates, supports, manages, and reviews the cross-sell and delivery of third party services to transferees by Weichert Affiliates (WFS, WCH, WTS, WRA and WIA) and Weichert's external supplier network relative to home sale, lease cancellation, temporary living, move management, visa and immigration, language, destination services, settling in, and spousal counseling processes. Reviews and evaluates exception requests and challenging situations, and provides solutions to clients in the support of move-based scenarios that arise. Provides recommendations to the transferee, Client Service Director, and/or client contacts regarding appropriate courses of action when outside of their own scope of authority. Understands and manages costs and expenses related to relocation deliverables, maximizing the benefits while minimizing expenses and costs. Measures customer satisfaction on a timely basis. Ensures that transferees receive, complete, and return the automated Customer Service Evaluations within 30 days of their completion dates. Works with the Client Service Director to manage issues that arise in the process with a proactive approach. Performs other duties as assigned. Job RequirementsThe ideal candidate will meet the following requirements: Bachelor's degree preferred Two (2) to four (4) years ofrelocation experience required International mobility/expatriate experience strongly preferred Direct client interaction and advisory experience required Ability to speak multiple languages preferred Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite of products Strong oral and written communications skills Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Strong attention to detail Excellent customer service skills All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. "
}