{
    "Body": " IT Architecture Senior Specialist Job at SAP Newtown Square, PA ???????????? About the Job Requisition ID: 253264 Work Area: Information Technology Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time Career Level: T3 Original Posting Date: 5/27/2020 COMPANY DESCRIPTION As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device \u2013 SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Location: Newtown Square, PA Purpose and Objective: SAP America, Inc seeks an IT Architecture Senior Specialist at our Newtown Square, PA location responsible for Contract-to-Revenue IT US delivery unit to enable, improve and simplify finance processes. Expectations and Tasks: Build action plans and makes operational decisions on policies, tactics & resources critical to the line of business success. Assume accountability for portfolio management; time & cost estimation and delivery of localization, credit card and tax compliance solutions for SAP globally. Define, deliver and support strategic plans to implement information technologies for standardization and automation of streamlined End to End Finance processes. Actively drive Agile Transformation and lead the Contract-to-Revenue IT US organization to DevOps delivery model. Enable collaboration across IT & business organizational units and ensures flawless communication with business executives. Enable a high-performance culture and open mindset and ensure flawless communication with business executives. Actively drive and lead Finance Transformation within SAP. Engage with strategic vendors to scale the delivery teams. Design and Optimize enterprise wide development of SAP technology solutions. Demonstrate solid understanding of SAP product offering and interoperability with other components as well as high level understanding of microservices architecture. Perform high-level analysis of customer business processes and requirements to support project evaluations with proposed solutions, as well as to create solution specifications for complex and large projects. Define and architect the design for solutions and improve/optimize development related processes, while initiating innovative approaches. Participate in project quality management tasks such as peer and quality reviews of specifications and design documents. Participate in project reviews and create action plans to bring escalated projects back on track. Provide direction to development teams for solution realization. 5% travel required. Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Physics, Information Systems or a related field of study and 6 years of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 4 years of experience. Work Experience: Experience must involve 4 years in the following: Strategic Planning and execution, Knowledge Management, IT Portfolio Delivery Management, Quality Assurance; SAP Lead to Cash; SAP ERP \u2013 ECC, S/4HANA; SAP BRIM \u2013 SOM (Order Management), Convergent Mediation (Mediation Zone), Convergent Charging, Convergent Invoicing, FI-CA; Tax Management; SAP Localization; Credit Card Handling; and SAP Leonardo \u2013 Blockchain (Multichain, Hyperledger Fabric, Quorum), Machine Learning; and Agile Transformation and Agile Product management. Experience must also include Data Analytics. 5% travel required. Travel: 5% travel required. Internal use only: reference code lhrs426 EX:OUT SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: hrdirectamericas@sap.com , APJ: hrdirectapj@sap.com , EMEA: careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: ", 
    "CompanyName": "SAP", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "0CFA80C9C03DA6F7BCBA9BB5274DE076", 
    "KeyTerms": "hyperledger, data analytics, information technology, financial, quorum, interoperability, machine learning, full time, microservices, strategic planning, cloud, compliance, devops, collaboration, fabric, agile, information systems", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Newtown Square", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/IT-Architecture-Senior-Specialist-Job-Newtown-Square-PA-US-SAP/318e2894-101d-417f-b804-422a91fe3b25", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-architecture-senior-specialist-job-newtown-square-pa-us-sap/318e2894-101d-417f-b804-422a91fe3b25"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "IT Architecture Senior Specialist Job job at SAP | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-architecture-senior-specialist-job-newtown-square-pa-us-sap/318e2894-101d-417f-b804-422a91fe3b25"
}
