{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20infura",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Scientist-I-Protein-Chemistry-Malaria-Silver-Spring-MD-US-Odyssey-Systems-Consulting-Group/98fb672e-edbe-438e-a083-bcf298045722",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientist-i-protein-chemistry-malaria-silver-spring-md-us-odyssey-systems-consulting-group/98fb672e-edbe-438e-a083-bcf298045722"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20infura",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Scientist I (Protein Chemistry - Malaria)* job at Odyssey Systems Consulting Group | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "0FC05BE9E50E32BC28D58FFAABB6FD52",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientist-i-protein-chemistry-malaria-silver-spring-md-us-odyssey-systems-consulting-group/98fb672e-edbe-438e-a083-bcf298045722",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Scientist I (Protein Chemistry - Malaria)* at Odyssey Systems Silver Spring, MD   About the Job Title*:  Scientist I (Protein Chemistry - Malaria) Job Location: Silver Spring, MD Odyssey Systems is seeking a Scientist I (Protein Chemistry - Malaria) to perform monoclonal antibody and vaccine development. Experience with E. coli and eukaryotic protein expression systems with a basic understanding of protein purification techniques, biochemistry and structure of proteins at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) in the Malaria Biologics Branch (MBB) located in Silver Spring, Maryland. .Job Responsibilities: Conduct monoclonal antibody and vaccine protein production Purification of proteins Conduct applied research in vaccine development in support of the Malaria Structural Vaccinology Lab Molecular biology, protein biochemistry experience is required Knowledge Base: Ability to produce recombinant proteins, purify proteins and particulate vaccines, monoclonal antibodies, and characterize them by using biochemical and biophysical techniques. Familiarity with purification and protein characterization equipment. Knowledge and skills developing and conducting experiments in the area of molecular, biochemical, and structural analysis. Technical skills and knowledge of molecular, biochemical, and structural analysis of proteins with in-depth knowledge of instrumentation HPLC, Octet/Biacore, FPLC, electrophoresis, transfection, and mammalian cell culture.  Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in biological sciences or equivalent related discipline 1-3 years of specific technical experience in their Post Doc work.  Additional Information: US Citizenship required National Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI) Travel may be required Availability of positions is contingent upon contract award.    WRAIR has a distinguished history of serving America\u2019s military. It was founded by the U.S. Army Surgeon General George Sternberg in 1893 as the Army Medical School and is widely recognized as the oldest school of public health and preventive medicine in the United States. The vision of the Military Malaria Research Program is to lead and support US and international malaria diagnostics, drug and vaccine development efforts by providing knowledge, expertise, training, and products for Force Health Protection and in support of malaria mortality reduction and elimination worldwide. This effort is in support of the Malaria Biologics Branch (MBB) at WRAIR to develop a highly efficacious biologic as an effective medical countermeasure to combat malaria.   Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd. is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support.   The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, LTD. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or other factors protected by federal, state, and/or local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment #LI-POST "
}