{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=12",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Innovation-Software-Architect-Java-Python-Pittsburgh-PA-US-PNC-Financial-Services-Group/31bdc60a-6987-479d-9a05-57068176a3af",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/innovation-software-architect-java-python-pittsburgh-pa-us-pnc-financial-services-group/31bdc60a-6987-479d-9a05-57068176a3af",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/innovation-software-architect-java-python-pittsburgh-pa-us-pnc-financial-services-group/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3Dfddc34a61fe28a0ad04ed0399772d48f"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=12",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Innovation Software Architect (Java/Python) job at PNC Financial Services Group | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "13A8C8F284EB4B725CFA2A62F26C5381",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/innovation-software-architect-java-python-pittsburgh-pa-us-pnc-financial-services-group/31bdc60a-6987-479d-9a05-57068176a3af",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Innovation Software Architect (Java/Python) at PNC Financial Services Group Pittsburgh, PA 15260   About the Job Position Overview At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a(n) (position title) within PNC's (name of division) organization, you will be based in (city/state location of position). Job Profile Position Overview At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As an Innovation Software Architect within PNC's Enterprise Technology Innovation organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA. Do you have a vision for how financial services can improve people's everyday lives? Are you skilled at making what could be a reality, instead of iterating what has been? Are you entrepreneurial, with an action-disposition? As a member of the Enterprise Innovation team you will develop edge technologies through pattern-matching to craft and test compelling, usable and productive solutions for our users. Blockchain, artificial intelligence and machine learning, microservices architectures and IoT are within our solution set, as well as agile development, product management, design thinking and human-centered design approaches. You will thrive inside a dynamic work environment that empowers your ability to explore emerging technologies, changing the way financial industries do business and driving the education of this ever-changing market. Primary job responsibilities: \u2022 Provide technical solution for the team's proofs-of-concept, prototypes and eventual end products or solutions. \u2022 Lead fast-paced multi-disciplinary Agile development team with focus on helping the team to thrive in culture of delivery, trust, openness, respect, and reliability \u2022 Lead discussion on emerging technologies and frameworks to provide recommendations \u2022 Team up with PNC Bank stakeholders, third-party partners, fintechs, software vendors, and academia to design and build innovative prototypes and solutions that tackle real-time issues and advance the core of how we do business. \u2022 Regularly take abstract, early-stage product or solution concepts, and build them with technology. \u2022 Work along a strong design thinking team, and be an expert in using technology to advocate for the customer. \u2022 Facilitate software ideation and design sessions to rapidly identify solutions, align stakeholders and drive timely and achievable results. Successful candidates will demonstrate the following skills: \u2022 Experience in collaborating and working alongside executive-level and senior-level partner stakeholders \u2022 Proven success facilitating software design and ideation sessions \u2022 Prior experience in leading Agile development team with strong knowledge of design principles, best practices, CI/CD, and be comfortable with startup-type project where requirements are not fully defined upfront \u2022 Motivate team and facilitate technical discussion with goal to cultivate technical excellency, quality, and result-oriented manner \u2022 Strong understanding in concept with hands-on experience in modern technologies, including but not limited to digital products, microservices, cloud computing, container-based architecture, high performance and resiliency systems, DevOps/NoOps engineering, automation, TDD, BDD, CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery) \u2022 Experience in a fast-paced, collaborative, multidisciplinary, start-up type environment using Agile-based application development methodologies \u2022 \u2022 · Significant development and delivery experience with multiple programming languages, primarily Java and with working knowledge of others including Python, Go, C/C++/C#, Kotlin, Haskell, JavaScript, Angular, Node, Python, PHP Job Description Participates in defining functional designs and application systems architecture across all technologies and platforms. Designs an application's technical infrastructure, such as specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Participates in the assessment of software defects discovered during the quality assurance process. Participates in addressing enterprise-wide platform and technology requirements for applications. Develops detailed programming instructions to solve business problems through automation support. PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. Competencies Analytical Thinking \u2013 Knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis and the ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions that resolve the problems in the best interest of the business. Application Development Tools \u2013 Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications. Industry Knowledge \u2013 Knowledge of the organization's industry group, trends, directions, major issues, regulatory considerations, and trendsetters; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. IT Architecture \u2013 Knowledge of and ability to design and improve organizational IT structures and blueprints in order to better support business operations and efficiently achieve organizational objectives. Platform Architecture \u2013 Knowledge of technologies and methods to design processing mechanisms and roadmaps to execute business application systems; ability to design these roadmaps and deploy supportive interfaces for end-users to access related systems, in accordance with standards and processes. Products and Services \u2013 Knowledge of major products and services and product and service groups; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. Service Oriented Architecture Technologies \u2013 Knowledge of the technologies used to enable excellent IT service for business clients; ability to develop, implement and support a variety of such technologies. Software Process Improvement (SPI) \u2013 Knowledge of formal software process improvement disciplines, and ability to assess and improve the quality and operating costs associated with an existing application. Work Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 5+ years of industry-relevant experience. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. Education Bachelors Disability Accommodations Statement: The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.  The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO): PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law. California Residents Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices. "
}