{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Azure-Solution-Architect-Houston-TX-Houston-TX-US-Atrilogy/f95324e1-5ca9-44c9-bd53-933a8c3ccd35",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/azure-solution-architect-houston-tx-houston-tx-us-atrilogy/f95324e1-5ca9-44c9-bd53-933a8c3ccd35"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Azure Solution Architect - Houston, TX job at Atrilogy | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "1459483D6DA823A703311C11D631248F",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/azure-solution-architect-houston-tx-houston-tx-us-atrilogy/f95324e1-5ca9-44c9-bd53-933a8c3ccd35",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Azure Solution Architect - Houston, TX at Atrilogy Houston, TX   About the Job Atrilogy Solutions is looking for an Azure Solution Architect in Houston! Are you ready to be part of a team that's learning and using cutting edge technology ( Machine Learning, AI, Natural Language Processing, Cloud Computing) and works lean and agile? Our ideal candidate has: 1.Azure Solutions Architect: \u2022Experience in web applications, Azure functions, develop Azure PaaS solutions, Azure IaaS solutions, Azure security.  \u2022Experience with Big Data architectures running on Azure Data Platform. - \u2022Knowledge of Azure cognitive services  The Azure Solution Architect will need to design, develop and design projects for clients in the energy & commodities industry. The qualified individual will work closely with clients to ensure that applications meet their needs and keep pace with rapid changes in operations, policies and/or procedures, and can provide reports, analysis and business intelligence.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  Develop, lead and deliver large-scale Azure cloud application development and transformation engagements, helping enterprise customers understand cloud considerations, develop cloud application strategies and helping refactor existing applications for Azure, as well as develop new Azure-based cloud-native applications on Azure PaaS. Executing technical feasibility assessments and solution estimations for moving identified databases and integrations to the Azure Platform  Design and advocate solutions using modern cloud technologies, design principles, integration points, and automation methods.  Mentor and share knowledge with customers provide architecture reviews, discussions and prototype Lead engagements (strategy/assessments/migration/implementations) Technical aggressiveness, demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and business requirement. Work with customers to deploy, manage and audit the best practice use of cloud products.REQUIREMENTS: Demonstrated experience designing, implementing and supporting enterprise-grade technical solutions in cloud meeting complex business requirements. Required skills and hands on knowledge creating web applications, Azure functions, develop Azure PaaS solutions, Azure IaaS solutions, Azure security.   Experience with Big Data architectures running on Azure Azure Data Platform \u2013 Azure Data Lake, Data Factory, Data Management Gateway, Azure Storage Options, Document DB, Data Lake Analytics, Stream Analytics, Event Hubs, Azure SQL PowerShell Scripting Azure Big Data experience Understanding of writing algorithms and programming logic in .Net/C#  Knowledge of Azure cognitive services would be a preferred . Azure ML experience is preferred Experience and/or interest in the following concepts and technologies: AI, Robotic Process Automation, Cloud Computing, Machine Learning, Data Science, Natural Language Processing, Blockchain, etc. EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION: 5 to 10 years of professional experience in the Information Technology Industry Full-time Bachelor\u2019s /Master\u2019s degree (Science or Engineering preferred) or equivalent experience.PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) Flexible and proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution    Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. Ability to work effectively independently as well as in a team environment Ability to prioritize when under pressure. For immediate consideration please submit your resume in Word format, along with daytime contact information.  LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE unless you are willing to relocate yourself at your own expense.  . All submittals will be treated confidentially.  Selected candidates may be asked to pass a comprehensive background, credit and/or drug screening.  Principals only, no third parties please.     Established in 2000, Atrilogy Solutions Group, Inc. provides organizations of all sizes with high-quality, cost effective information technology (IT) and business process consulting & staffing services.  Our industry-leading service model combines experienced project managers with seasoned technical and functional consultants to eliminate client uncertainty and deliver superior value and results.   Clients turn to Atrilogy for expertise in: ·         IT staffing and placement (Project Managers, Agile/Scrum Masters, Business Analysts, DBA\u2019s, Software Engineers, Mobile Developers (iOS, Android), DevOps, Automation, QA, Systems & Network Engineers, Cyber Security / Information Security Specialists) ·         All major ERP & CRM packages (including Oracle, Workday, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, Lawson, SAP, Dynamics AX, Salesforce, Microsoft CRM, NetSuite) ·         Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, and Big Data Integration ·         Creative (Interactive Project Manager/Art Director, Information Architect, UI/UX Designer, Web/Graphic Design)   Atrilogy has been recognized by Inc. magazine as one of the nation\u2019s fastest-growing, privately-held companies. Headquartered in Irvine, California, Atrilogy also has offices in Denver, Phoenix, Atlanta, and Dallas with satellite offices in Boston, Jersey City, Las Vegas, Seattle, and Delhi, India.     Atrilogy Solutions Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.   In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. "
}