{
    "Body": " E-commerce Manager- Medical from Randstad Brookline, MA 02445 ?? About the Job job summary: E-commerce Manager Responsible for managing the product life cycle, including the entire planning process from product concept, design to implementation, application, and responsible for user click rate, conversion rate, registration volume, activity, and contribution value. - Carry out product optimization through user insights and data analysis, drive operation promotion, and help marketing. - Keep abreast of the industry, scene changes and competitive product trends, and formulate and implement improvement plans for product deficiencies. - Responsible for communicating and collaborating with relevant colleagues in technology, UI design, etc., effectively promoting the implementation, and completing the version as planned. Job Requirements: 1. Undergraduate Above education, more than 3 years of B2B and C2B group purchase product design, familiar with consumer product distribution enterprise users and group purchase user needs, experience in blockchain projects is preferred. 2. Quick thinking, insight into human nature, perfect knowledge structure, high sensitivity in the industry, good product planning and promotion ability, can complete complete product links such as demand analysis, prototype design, demand design, development promotion and product iteration independently 3. Proficient in axure, visio, mindmanager and other working software, familiar with blockchain, web and mobile products. 4. Familiar with UI interaction design, able to put forward requirements and suggestions for UI interaction. 5. Good teamwork and excellent problem solving skills. ?? location: Brookline, Massachusetts job type: Permanent salary: $40,000 - 125,000 per year work hours: 9am to 5pm education: Bachelors ?? responsibilities: Responsible for managing the product life cycle, including the entire planning process from product concept, design to implementation, application, and responsible for user click rate, conversion rate, registration volume, activity, and contribution value. - Carry out product optimization through user insights and data analysis, drive operation promotion, and help marketing. - Keep abreast of the industry, scene changes and competitive product trends, and formulate and implement improvement plans for product deficiencies. - Responsible for communicating and collaborating with relevant colleagues in technology, UI design, etc., effectively promoting the implementation, and completing the version as planned. s. ?? qualifications: 1. Undergraduate Above education, more than 3 years of B2B and C2B group purchase product design, familiar with consumer product distribution enterprise users and group purchase user needs, experience in blockchain projects is preferred. 2. Quick thinking, insight into human nature, perfect knowledge structure, high sensitivity in the industry, good product planning and promotion ability, can complete complete product links such as demand analysis, prototype design, demand design, development promotion and product iteration independently 3. Proficient in axure, visio, mindmanager and other working software, familiar with blockchain, web and mobile products. 4. Familiar with UI interaction design, able to put forward requirements and suggestions for UI interaction. 5. Good teamwork and excellent problem solving skills. ?? skills: Above education, more than 3 years of B2B and C2B group purchase product design, familiar with consumer product distribution enterprise users and group purchase user needs, experience in blockchain projects is preferred. 2. Quick thinking, insight into human nature, perfect knowledge structure, high sensitivity in the industry, good product planning and promotion ability, can complete complete product links such as demand analysis, prototype design, demand design, development promotion and product iteration independently 3. Proficient in axure, visio, mindmanager and other working software, familiar with blockchain, web and mobile products. 4. Familiar with UI interaction design, able to put forward requirements and suggestions for UI interaction. 5. Good teamwork and excellent problem solving skills. Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Randstad Technologies", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "146A47E7D141615710BB74FD35100F82", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, e-commerce", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Brookline, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/E-commerce-Manager-Medical-Brookline-MA-US-Randstad-Technologies/217600594", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/e-commerce-manager-medical-brookline-ma-us-randstad-technologies/217600594", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=217600594"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "$40,000 - 125,000", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "E-commerce Manager- Medical job at Randstad Technologies | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/e-commerce-manager-medical-brookline-ma-us-randstad-technologies/217600594"
}
