{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Maintenance-Renewal-Sales-Associate-Colorado-Springs-CO-US-Kratos-Defense-Security-Solutions/c686e7db-5685-4514-91f4-e52b21030fbf",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/maintenance-renewal-sales-associate-colorado-springs-co-us-kratos-defense-security-solutions/c686e7db-5685-4514-91f4-e52b21030fbf"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Maintenance Renewal Sales Associate job at Kratos Defense & Security Solutions | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "152613F22E2BA25CB36BB66B1CE29173",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/maintenance-renewal-sales-associate-colorado-springs-co-us-kratos-defense-security-solutions/c686e7db-5685-4514-91f4-e52b21030fbf",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Maintenance Renewal Sales Associate at Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Colorado Springs, CO   About the Job Job Description Job Summary: Kratos Space is a leader in assured aerospace communication solutions and services. We are cutting-edge innovators and creative problem solvers working collaboratively to solve our customers\u2019 toughest challenges. Kratos is valued for our ability to design and deliver leading edge, resilient solutions for aerospace communication, control, awareness and mission success across a continuum of offerings \u2013 from commercial to tailored custom solutions and integrated programs. We bring both the capability and confidence that our customers value and depend on. At Kratos, we encourage and entrepreneurial spirit balanced with fiscal and operation discipline. We work hard, we solve hard problems and we look out for and take care of our customers, each other and our families. Protecting and enabling our customer\u2019s communication systems through innovative aerospace solutions is what motivates us. We have an opportunity for a Sales Associate to join our Maintenance and Support (M&S) Sales team in Colorado Springs, CO focusing primarily on our Federal customers. As a Maintenance Renewal Sales Associate, you will help drive revenue growth across Kratos Space. You will be part of a small team of experienced sales representatives and will work with our Product and Solution Sales teams, Customer Service team, and Contracts team on a regular basis. You will have individual and/or team goals and will work to achieve and exceed these through maintaining an accurate pipeline. Primary responsibilities include administering and quoting Maintenance and Extended Warranty contracts and renewals, and communicating with customers via phone and email. Responsibilities: Grow revenue by meeting and exceeding maintenance renewal targets. Build quotes based on customers\u2019 previous software and hardware purchases. Work with sales team, as needed, to implement strategy for customer upgrades and overall satisfaction as it relates to maintenance renewals and customer service. Educate our customers on maintenance options, benefits of maintaining an M&S contract, and policies. Maintain a CRM pipeline of maintenance and support renewals.  Document all conversations, updates, and sales activities within the CRM. Maintain Warranty and Maintenance Log on SharePoint. Follow all processes and procedures for quoting and documenting maintenance and support renewals. Field inquiries and assistance to Customer Support to ensure customers status/satisfaction so that they renew their maintenance contracts. Field inquiries from Sales Team regarding scope of maintenance and support in support of new product sales and prior sales with customer. Assist with incoming and outgoing products returned on RMAs (Returned Material Authorizations) for repair including working with shipping and ordering parts. Other duties may be assigned related to inside sales tasks, customer support tasks, and/or related marketing tasks. Experience and Skills Minimum Qualifications: A bachelor's degree is required. Minimum 2-5 years of related sales experience required. Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government Security Clearance required Additional Qualifications: High level of attention to detail and exceptional organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. In-depth knowledge of MS-Office (Excel, Word, Outlook) and Adobe Acrobat. Experience meeting and exceeding quota and targets. Prior experience working in a CRM system (Salesforce a plus). Existing knowledge of reports and reporting tools. Ability to work well both independently and within a team environment. General understanding of contracts, terms and conditions terminology, account management, and some project management. Experience using SharePoint a plus. Experience working with Government contracts a plus. "
}