{
    "Body": " Director, Communications at Wachsman New York, NY ?? About the Job Wachsman is a leading professional services firm for the blockchain industry. Originally founded as a Public Relations agency in 2015, Wachsman has expanded its service offerings to include Strategic Advisory and Event Management business units, with more than 100 team members across its New York City, Dublin and Singapore offices. The firm has represented more than 120 blockchain-related companies, including some of the largest brands in the industry. Specialists who join our team have a fully international remit working with highly innovative companies and media (Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, Techcrunch, Bloomberg, Fortune, Reuters) in New York, Europe and Asia with fantastic career growth opportunities.?? Here at Wachsman, our culture is our foundation. We are strong believers in merit over tenure, and take pride in our team members who look forward to coming to work each and every day. Wachsman\u2019s staff are its greatest asset. Wachsman is seeking an experienced and ambitious Public Relations Director for its global headquarters in New York. Reporting to the Managing Director and working closely with other senior staff, the ideal candidate has a minimum of 8 years of successful PR agency experience and strong strategic thinking, leadership, and communications skills. An individual in this role at Wachsman is a senior leader in the organization and will manage, along with the other Directors, the growing public relations department. Supporting multiple teams, the Director will develop and oversee the agency workflow and processes; provide counsel to senior PR members for key accounts; mentor and train team members; as well as grow the department by participating in talent acquisition and fostering new business opportunities. We\u2019re looking for a candidate who is driven, diligent, and confident in their ability to successfully lead teams and establish strong relationships within the industry. This role would suit an established PR professional looking to further develop their skills in client management, business development, and leadership. In return, we offer a very competitive salary, excellent growth opportunities, and a brilliant working environment. Duties and Aptitudes: Translate client business needs into communications actions with solution-oriented focus. Ability to provide counsel and strategy for branding, reputation management, and crisis communications; embraces and understands the principles of global media relations. Aptitude for thinking creatively and sharing effective, creative ideas with clients. Stays abreast of emerging technology and recognizes opportunities to continuously develop themselves professionally. Demonstrates commitment to industry, agency, and clients by mastering industry knowledge and understanding clients\u2019 businesses. Train, mentor, and support team members of all levels in executing effectively. Possesses the capability to support the creation, editing, and approval of client press materials, messaging and strategic plans, as well as and deal with challenging, technical enquiries from clients, new business, and external organizations. Possesses the ability to travel to industry events and to meetings with technology clients. ?? Skills & Requirements: 8-12 years recent PR agency experience conducting media relations at increasing levels of responsibility. This is a requirement. Experience in financial technology, B2B or corporate PR. Must be able to understand the B2B technology/financial technology media landscape inside and out. Bachelor\u2019s degree. Exceptional work ethic and motivated to excel in a fast-paced environment. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a strong and clear interest in finance and technology. Track record of securing top-tier print and broadcast coverage and experience in developing relationships with reporters. Demonstrated ability to successfully train and mentor team members of every level, supporting them in career progression. Strong strategic-thinking skills, and the ability to handle and tactfully manage stressful situations. Demonstrated ability to think strategically and to identify opportunities for clients. Excellent knowledge of the media landscape. Ability to prioritize and plan effectively. Strong attention to detail. Experience in crisis communications. Excellent interpersonal/soft skills. Ability to maintain a high level of social, organizational, and professional standards in job-related activities. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Wachsman", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "1651DD37BF3B9C3402FF3E6983C21582", 
    "KeyTerms": "financial, business development", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Director-Communications-New-York-NY-US-Wachsman/6bbda05b-a320-428f-99b5-418286482394", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/director-communications-new-york-ny-us-wachsman/6bbda05b-a320-428f-99b5-418286482394"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=19", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=19", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Director, Communications job at Wachsman | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/director-communications-new-york-ny-us-wachsman/6bbda05b-a320-428f-99b5-418286482394"
}
