{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/CNA-Telemetry-Full-Time-Nights-Lakewood-CA-US-Lakewood-Regional-Medical-Center/9e41a640-fb7d-47d5-899d-a78566101feb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/cna-telemetry-full-time-nights-lakewood-ca-us-lakewood-regional-medical-center/9e41a640-fb7d-47d5-899d-a78566101feb"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "CNA Telemetry Full Time Nights job at Lakewood Regional Medical Center | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "18CFE3DF5D18DED7AFAE7B2490DCC7EF",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/cna-telemetry-full-time-nights-lakewood-ca-us-lakewood-regional-medical-center/9e41a640-fb7d-47d5-899d-a78566101feb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " CNA Telemetry Full Time Nights at Lakewood Regional Medical Center Lakewood, CA   About the Job Certified Nursing Assistant We offer competitive salaries and benefits including a matching 401(k), several health & dental plans to choose from, generous tuition assistance plans, and relocation assistance for select positions. Lakewood Regional Medical Center is proud to be an integral part of the surrounding community. From orthopedics to cardiac care to urology, we ve received many designations for quality care. Although we appreciate these prestigious honors, we are most honored by the opportunity to serve you and your loved ones. We re committed to finding new ways to improve and make our hospital the best place for patients, physicians and employees. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you, and we are here any time you need help. Job Summary: Provides basic patient care under the supervision of the RN team member. Technical and Job Specific Skill: Telephone Skills - must demonstrate hospital telephone etiquette by answering the phones promptly, courteously and by identifying department and self. Policy/Procedures - Is aware of and follows all hospital and department policies and procedures. Teamwork - Promotes positive co-worker relationships through teamwork and cooperation. Understands and supports the needs of individuals in other departments and promotes conflict resolution. Shares information, work knowledge and experience with co-workers, physicians, and students in a non-threatening manner. Offers assistance and promptly responds to requests. Productivity - Maintains high productivity and performs efficiently regardless of whether the work volume is high or low. Appropriately prioritizes work activities. Responds to difficult situations with self-control and a positive attitude. Makes decisions independently and knows when to ask for assistance. Exercises good judgment and arrives at sound decisions. Basic Patient Care: Performs basic nursing tasks providing for patient s physical hygiene, including bathing, hair care, bowel care, oral care, and measures vital signs, including pain level. Reacts appropriately in an emergency. Takes precautions against infections following Standard Precautions and appropriate isolation techniques. Utilizes proper positioning techniques to maintain patient s body alignment and prevent complications. Is able to meet the age specific needs of patients as directed by the team leader. Assists in meeting the nutrition and hydration needs of the patients. Assists in the healing and prevention of skin lesions. Collects specimens as requested. Is aware of the functional status of the patient (i.e., knows transfer techniques, total hip precautions). Meets the care needs of the patient and family, including age specific requirements and cultural and religious needs. Communicates: Answers call lights promptly. Keeps clinical manager/staff nurse informed of any problems. Documents appropriately. Promptly reports changes in patient signs and symptoms to staff nurse. Reports unusual occurrences (i.e., patient injuries or falls). Information Management: Utilizes information systems promptly and efficiently (i.e., Omninotes, diet list computer, page system). Promptly notifies appropriate staff of patient discharge or transfer. Equipment: Safely and correctly utilizes patient care equipment (i.e., bed and chair alarm, Hoyer lift, mattress overlay, scales, Horizon Pump, CPM, etc.). Stocks unit. Orders supplies. Unit Involvement: Attends 50% of staff meetings. Has knowledge of unit goals and expectations. Follows hospital policies and procedures. Refers to supervisor, charge nurse, or team leader when unfamiliar situations arise. Attends all mandatory courses as designated. Demonstrates responsibility for self-development by participating in learning activities to obtain skills to meet gaps as identified in collaboration with supervisor. Participates in Process Improvement activities as appropriate. Orients new staff members to unit. Patient Rights: Upholds all patient rights. Treats all patients, families, and co-workers in a polite and respectful manner. Reports immediately any issues where patient rights might be compromised to supervisor, charge nurse, or team leader. Performs any and all duties and responsibilities that may be assigned. Qualifications: Training and Experience: Mandatory: High School graduate or equivalent. Current California Nurses Assistant Certification. Current BLS provider. Preferred: One year acute care experience as a CNA. #LI-AV1 Job: Nursing Assistants and PCA Primary Location: Lakewood, California Facility: Lakewood Regional Medical Center Job Type: Full-time Shift Type: Nights Employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant\u2019s or employee\u2019s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Tenet will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. "
}