{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20nodeops",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Patient-Care-Technician-I-Various-positions-for-ICU-Med-Surg-Womens-TDCJ-in-Galveston-7130-Galveston-TX-US-University-of-Texas-Medical-Branch/2e8fe5fe-806c-42b9-b938-8a2d079b1d57",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/patient-care-technician-i-various-positions-for-icu-med-surg-womens-tdcj-in-galveston-7130-galveston-tx-us-university-of-texas-medical-branch/2e8fe5fe-806c-42b9-b938-8a2d079b1d57"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20nodeops",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Patient Care Technician I - Various positions for ICU, Med Surg, Womens and TDCJ in Galveston - 7130 job at University of Texas Medical Branch | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "192B0FA88BBD58877CC3EC490309A6BE",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/patient-care-technician-i-various-positions-for-icu-med-surg-womens-tdcj-in-galveston-7130-galveston-tx-us-university-of-texas-medical-branch/2e8fe5fe-806c-42b9-b938-8a2d079b1d57",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Patient Care Technician I - Various positions for ICU, Med Surg, Womens and TDCJ in Galveston - 7130 at University of Texas Medical Branch Galveston, TX 77550   About the Job Min Qualifications REQUIRED EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE: High school or equivalent AND completion of one of the following technical programs: Completion of a recognized Nurse Assistant program OR Completion of a Medical Assistant program OR Completion of Medical Corpsman program OR Completion of EMT program OR Completion of UTMB Hospital Aide training program OR 2 years of experience in a direct patient care environment OR Is enrolled in a recognized School of Nursing and has completed the first semester of education which contains clinical concepts and health assessment or the equivalent. Current BLS required. Department Marketing Statement Various positions in Galveston Campus for ICU, Med Surg, Womens and TDCJ. Specific Job Related Duties JOB SUMMARY: To provide technical assistance and supportive patient care to meet the needs of individual patients throughout assigned areas. ESSENTIAL JOB Collects, reports and documents data: Vital signs, height and weight, intake and output, pulse oximetry, and collects specimens. Performs and reports POCT. Assists with patient activities and care as assigned by the charge nurse/designee as indicated by the patient\u2019s plan of care. Provides for patients\u2019 personal hygiene: Bathes patients, performs oral suctioning and superficial wound care, assists with chronic wound care, provides skin care for patient with TED hose, SCD, casts, skeletal pins, assists with elimination, cares for the incontinent patient, cares for the patient with a urinary catheter, assists or gives cleansing enemas, sitz baths, non-sterile douches, and provides ostomy care. Assists with feeding. Ambulates, positions, and turns patients and cares for the patient with altered mobility. Assists with patient safety related to age and condition: Assists with patient restraints, assists with patient specific safety precautions, collects, reports and documents data related to patient needs/emergencies and usual patient and family behavior, and cares for the patient from a correctional environment. Maintains patient privacy and confidentiality of information and records at all times. Provides and maintains a clean, safe environment and performs and/or assists others to perform proper aseptic technique, isolation procedures, and infection control measures Maintains patient care areas with appropriate supplies. Assists with patient requests for other hospital services. Adheres to internal controls and reporting structure. Performs related duties as required. Equal Employment Opportunity UTMB Health strives to provide equal opportunity employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information or veteran status. As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, UTMB Health takes affirmative action to hire and advance women, minorities, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Req id: 71309 "
}