{
    "Body": " Lead Cloud Engineer - Cisco Live Streaming Applications at Cisco Richardson, TX ?? About the Job Lead Cloud Engineer - Cisco Live Streaming Applications + Location: Richardson, Texas, US + Additional Location(s) RTP/SJ + Area of Interest Information Technology + Job Type Professional + Technology Interest Cloud and Data Center, Collaboration, Video + Job Id 1286833 What You Will Do You will be the lead IT engineer overseeing the support, security, management, and day to day operations our cloud native Cisco Live Streaming applications and platform environment. In this highly visible role as a Lead Cloud Engineer you will: Outline and Oversee the DevSecOps delivery of support and operations of the Cisco Live Streaming environment, delivering live video streaming broadcasts and interactions to users globally over our comprehensive solution including a scheduling admin, global CDN, and web and social applications. Document, manage and oversee processes and policies to ensure the successful operations and delivery of Cisco Live Streaming services to all live broadcast events and users Address and resolve support issues or incidents Maintain and manage the Cisco Live Streaming environment including release and change management, escalation procedures, automation, access, self healing, etc. Who You Will Work With In this role, you will be outlining requirements, delivering, and supporting the next generation live events and streaming collaboration and social platform, empowering Cisco and our employees to engage, collaborate and transform. You will collaborate and influence as part of an innovative, high performing and disruptive team focused on delivering results and transforming our global collaboration experience. Who You Are Minimum Qualifications and Desired Skills: High performer with innovative mindset Influence, drive and deliver results and a culture of delivery Collaborative teammate with strong interpersonal skills Ability to deliver and communicate in a fast-paced, high impact environment enabling Cisco\u2019s communications and events and protecting Cisco brand Troubleshoot and resolve application and platform issues with devops team Knowledge of working on troubleshooting web apps Ensure that systems and applications are running optimally and are monitored 24x7 Support systems and applications by ensuring efficient processes and documentation exist and are maintained. Oversee and outline the day to day operational practices, delivery and support of the Cisco Live Streaming environment and applications in line with a P1, highly critical, cloud native, dev sec ops approach and mindset. Documentation of operational practices such as SLAs / Maintenance Windows / Escalation Procedures. Ensure processes align with Cisco guidelines and follow established Change Management procedures. Manage application lifecycles: regular Patch Management / Upgrades / Break-Fix. Change Management / Configuration Management / Problem Management / Availability Management / Alert & Event Management /Incident Management. Service-level reporting: Availability / Incidents / SLAs Provide appropriate service-level reporting, including Availability, Incidents, SLAs, and other metrics as required. Maintain appropriate IT service and continuity management plans that align with business tolerance. Willingness to \u2018go over and above\u2019 and do whatever it takes to ensure success. Ability to work under pressure, owning and meeting critical deadlines Must have familiarity with cloud environments like GCP and AWS Administration of Cloud portals like GCP and AWS console Strong scripting and programming skills (Python, Bash, Powershell, JavaScript, etc.) Must have familiarity with cloud configuration automation like Terraform Strong understanding of Kubernetes Familiarity with build and CI/CD tools like Gitlab Experience writing IaC scripts using Ansible (Playbooks) Experience with Agile Development, Scrum/Kanban, Jira, DevSecOps roles and methodologies Why Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \u201cold\u201d (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do \u2013 you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \u201cDigital Transformation\u201d is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take the difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world-changing? Be you with us! Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified individuals will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. #LI-GD1 GEM20 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "1999DED6D5B31FCBCE6BD2D14823FA1C", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, kubernetes, python, information technology, machine learning, artificial intelligence, javascript, ansible, cloud, scripting, disruptive, collaboration, devops, kanban, ci cd, scrum, terraform, agile, aws, jira", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Richardson, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Lead-Cloud-Engineer-Cisco-Live-Streaming-Applications-Richardson-TX-US-Cisco/239fbbd1-52a8-4143-9663-51e998e820b8", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/lead-cloud-engineer-cisco-live-streaming-applications-richardson-tx-us-cisco/239fbbd1-52a8-4143-9663-51e998e820b8"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20terraform", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "terraform", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20terraform", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Lead Cloud Engineer - Cisco Live Streaming Applications job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/lead-cloud-engineer-cisco-live-streaming-applications-richardson-tx-us-cisco/239fbbd1-52a8-4143-9663-51e998e820b8"
}
