{
    "Body": " Emerging Technologies Engineer - Contract at Atlantic Partners New York, NY ?? About the Job Team Profile: Our client's office promotes and fosters a collaborative culture of innovation leveraging exponential technologies that will drive value to our clients, attract world class talent, and promote our competitive differentiation. The group is a mixed discipline team with backgrounds in design thinking, innovation programs and technologists. Position Description: Reporting into the Head of Emerging Technologies (Labs) team, the Engineer will help drive business results aligned with Technoloy innovation and transformation across key areas (e.g., Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Data Analytics & Visualization, Client & Employee Experience, Fintech & Digital Assets, NextGen Architecture, and Automation). He/ She will partner with key stakeholders to research new technologies, perform technical product evaluations and facilitate adoption by partnering with business and technologists such that the firm can derive true business value. In addition, this role will collaborate closely with our Innovation Program and Tech Business Development teams to prioritize business challenges and technology investments. The position requires a mix of strong hands-on technical skills and effective communication skills. It is best suited to those who are agile practitioners and excel working in fast paced cross-functional technical teams across different areas of the organization. Hands-on experience in one or more of the tools and technologies listed below: Programming skills (e.g., Java, Node.js, Python, R, Jupyter, blockchain frameworks) Front end web technology skills (e.g., Angular, React JS, Javascript) DevOps technologies & tools (e.g., Git, Jenkins, Docker/Kubernetes); System administration & scripting skills (UNIX, Windows, Networking, DB, etc.) Data technologies (e.g., SQL Server, Postgres, MongoDB, Neo4j) Cloud IaaS/PaaS (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure); Big data / analytics tools (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, Kafka , Alteryx) Data Visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Zoomdata, PowerBI); Machine learning, natural language processing (NLP). Responsibilities will include three key areas: Driving end-to-end product evaluations from idea through to seeing business value realized for select products across emerging technologies, at an accelerated pace. Developing and launching enabling capabilities and partnering with stakeholders in removing barriers to improve the overall process for technology evaluation and adoption at the firm. Fostering a collaborative environment and establishing connectivity across the Firm by disseminating emerging technology expertise and learnings. Required: A minimum of 7 years of relevant experience with strong technical aptitude, a learning mindset and great communication skills Demonstrable hands-on experience in one or more relevant tools and technologies. Strong and effective communications skills (written and verbal) to engage and influence senior leadership and peers across Technology and Business globally. Detail-oriented, self-starter and able to work both independently and in a team environment Ability to plan, organize, prioritize, and execute projects/tasks with minimal supervision in a rapidly changing environment with urgency. Demonstrates innovative approach to problem solving with a willingness to self-learn / explore new technologies, embodies a can-do attitude, resilient to various process and technical challenges, and highly execution oriented in getting things done autonomously. Familiarity with agile frameworks and tools such as JIRA. Preferred: Fintech and/or startup experience highly desirable. Experience in driving innovation and as a change agent within organizations. Demonstrable passion for emerging technology trends and/or knowledge desired (i.e. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Data Analytics & Visualization, Fintech & Digital Assets, etc.) ", 
    "CompanyName": "Atlantic Partners", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "1A8C3A3F30F092357C72A5EDF0C660F3", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, emerging technologies, visualization, frameworks, financial, react, business development, nodejs, artificial intelligence, docker, sql, cloud, scripting, java, git, spark, devops, startup, hadoop, big data, mongodb, postgres, azure, jira, front end, python, data analytics, digital asset, machine learning, javascript, alteryx, angular, tableau, nlp, kafka, agile, aws", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Emerging-Technologies-Engineer-Contract-New-York-NY-US-Atlantic-Partners/3e21edf2-7fe6-4c2b-a253-c0ed95dce491", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/emerging-technologies-engineer-contract-new-york-ny-us-atlantic-partners/3e21edf2-7fe6-4c2b-a253-c0ed95dce491"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20visualization", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20visualization", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Emerging Technologies Engineer - Contract job at Atlantic Partners | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/emerging-technologies-engineer-contract-new-york-ny-us-atlantic-partners/3e21edf2-7fe6-4c2b-a253-c0ed95dce491"
}
