{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Intern-Finance-Sr.-Financial-Analyst-Summer-2021-Palo-Alto-CA-US-VMware/c0828d2d-c14b-40d4-9751-2ca929458951",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/intern-finance-sr-financial-analyst-summer-2021-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/c0828d2d-c14b-40d4-9751-2ca929458951",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/intern-finance-sr-financial-analyst-summer-2021-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/https%3A%2F%2Fcareers.vmware.com%2F"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "RequiredMatch": "ripple",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Intern - Finance - Sr. Financial Analyst (Summer 2021) job at VMware | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "1BB14D3B4AE2382C750E903B8AF9BDAE",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/intern-finance-sr-financial-analyst-summer-2021-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/c0828d2d-c14b-40d4-9751-2ca929458951",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Intern - Finance - Sr. Financial Analyst (Summer 2021) at VMware Palo Alto, CA ?? About the Job Search Jobs Job Description Business Summary 98% of Fortune 500 Companies use VMware Technology! ?? VMware believes that software has the power to unlock new possibilities for people and our planet. Our software forms a digital foundation that powers the apps, services, and experiences transforming the world. VMware streamlines the journey for organizations to become digital businesses that deliver better experiences to their customers and empower employees to do their best work. Our software spans compute, cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace. Every day, we work to solve our customers\u2019 toughest challenges through disruptive technologies like edge computing, artificial intelligence, blockchain, machine learning, Kubernetes and more\u2013to define the digital foundation that will accelerate the next wave of innovation. When you work here, you\u2019re connected to a global community surrounded by a culture of possibility, where ideas ripple out and have a positive impact on communities everywhere. Job Role and Responsibilities As an intern in the Product and Cloud Services (PCS) Finance Team, you will work alongside the business partners in the product development organization.?? As an integral member of the finance and business leadership teams, your overarching responsibility is to provide financial information and analysis that is relevant, trusted, and insightful so that the executive leaders can make effective decisions that improve VMware\u2019s performance.?? Your specific responsibilities could include: Drive SaaS enablement and P&L management for high growth business units Lead business unit (BU) Finance FP&A Analysis Provide executives with clear insights into drivers of business growth, risk, and opportunities Build models to determine future bookings and revenue Influence R&D investment decisions through product portfolio analysis Analyze Marketing programs, business trends, and pricing analysis Create strong internal infrastructure for budget management, tracking, and reporting Gather, consolidate, and analyze operating and financial results while explaining the trends and drivers behind the numbers Perform market opportunity assessment and financial modelling for R&D business cases Establish business partnership with R&D, Marketing, Sales, Finance, and Accounting Identify and drive initiatives to continuously improve, automate, and scale forecasting and reporting tools and processes Requirements: Pursuing an MBA in Finance, Accounting or relevant field of study. 3-5 years of experience within any of the following areas: Finance, Accounting, Pricing, Sales Operations, Renewals, Data Science, etc. Results driven and problem solving mindset with strong ability to ambiguity and adapt to changing business requirements Especially strong analytical skills and a natural disposition toward data drive decision making Strong interpersonal skills, including effective writing and presentation skills, and ability to work with and influence senior level business partners Preferred Skills: Ability working with cross functional teams Enterprise level experience and comfortable with executive-level management interaction Strong and independent thinker and influencer MS Excel, Hyperion, Salesforce, SAP BOBJ, Tableau, Power BI, or related systems and tools skills Please note that while anyone with a legal right to work in the U.S. may apply for this role, VMware is not presently sponsoring work visas for the entry-level roles for which these Internships may prepare you. VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind:??VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. \u200b Search Jobs "
}