{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/RN-Med-Surg-Telemetry-FT-Nights-%245k-Sign-On-Harper-University-Hospital-Detroit-MI-US-DMC-Harper-University-Hutzel-Women%27s-Hospital/f1eed185-fa31-45e9-ba40-af42bb644757",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-med-surg-telemetry-ft-nights-5k-sign-on-harper-university-hospital-detroit-mi-us-dmc-harper-university-hutzel-womens-hospital/f1eed185-fa31-45e9-ba40-af42bb644757"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "RN Med Surg Telemetry FT Nights $5k Sign On Harper University Hospital job at DMC Harper University/Hutzel Women's Hospital | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "1EAF47C1D345F08035B2ED1A60CE57CD",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-med-surg-telemetry-ft-nights-5k-sign-on-harper-university-hospital-detroit-mi-us-dmc-harper-university-hutzel-womens-hospital/f1eed185-fa31-45e9-ba40-af42bb644757",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " RN Med Surg Telemetry FT Nights $5k Sign On Harper University Hospital at DMC Harper University/Hutzel Women's Hospital Detroit, MI   About the Job The Registered Nurse (RN) is a member of the Patient Care Services Team. The Registered Nurse is responsible for the satisfactory completion of nursing care by the nursing team. The RN manages and provides patient care activities for a group of patients and their families through application of independent judgment, communication and collaboration with all team members including ancillary and support services. The role of the Registered Nurse at the DMC encompasses leadership, partnership, collaboration, teaching and supervision. The RN establishes and maintains collaborative relationships with physicians and other health care providers to achieve desired patient outcomes throughout the continuum of care. The RN delegates, assesses, provides and evaluates patient care. The RN assesses, monitors and evaluates patient status by observing the patient, noting data collected by other team members and analyzing this information to independently develop a plan of nursing care which is implemented by the care delivery team under the supervision of the RN. The RN provides and delegates patient care activities to team members based upon patient needs and team member skills/abilities and supervises the delivery of care by other team members. The RN evaluates patient response to treatment and nursing interventions and if needed, revises the plan of care. The RN monitors patient progress and prepares patient for discharge, utilizing established clinical pathways. The RN reports directly to senior unit management, participates in shared decision-making activities and establishes relationships with professionals in other healthcare and community organizations to develop strong partnerships that support improved patient outcomes and the health of the community served. GENERAL DUTIES: 1. Supervises, including assignment and evaluation of subordinate team members, and provides patient care on a daily basis. 2. Participates in the employment process related to peers and subordinate team members; addresses employee problems, complaints, disputes or requests as the first level of supervision; evaluates their performance post hire; and is authorized to issue work improvement plans to subordinates. 3. Adheres to the mission, vision, values and code of Business Conduct as established by the DMC and its associate facilities. 4. Complies with approved policies, procedures, guidelines and standards as established by the DMC and its associated facilities. 5. Demonstrates an understanding of and a commitment to customer service values of respect, courtesy, ownership, privacy, professionalism and responsiveness. 6. Completes mandatory education and training as defined by the DMC and the specific employer-facility. 7. Maintains a safe working environment through compliance with established policies and procedures and timely reporting of safety variances. 8. Demonstrates a commitment to improving the work environment through participation in meetings, timely and effective communication and an embracement of cultural diversity. PRINICIPAL/ESSENTIAL DUTIES: 1. Utilizes various strategies to assess patient, family, employee and environment of care strengths and weaknesses to determine appropriate action plan(s) 2. Develops a detailed plan of care, which includes patient / family education, based on initial and on-going assessment findings to optimize patient outcomes. 3. Communicates with patients, families, subordinate staff and peers to ensure that plans and associated interventions are understood, operationalized and revised, as appropriate. 4. Assigns, delegates, and supervises other employees and intervenes as appropriate to ensure that the plan of care is carried out and that established outcomes are achieved through availability and appropriate utilization of human, material and financial resources. 5. Evaluates the effectiveness of plans and interventions to promote optimum achievement of established goals. 6. Collaborates formally and informally with other members of the healthcare team, including facility and DMC representatives, to identify opportunities for improvement and develop strategies for enhancing clinical practice. 7. Establishes relationships with professionals in other healthcare and community organizations to develop strong partnerships that support improved patient outcomes and the health of the community served. 8. Provides supervision, including guidance, counseling, teaching and mentoring, to targeted peers and subordinates to enhance learning experiences and improve the professional practice environment within the designated work setting. [BRASSRING IMPORT 11/14/16] Qualifications: 1. Graduation from an accredited school of nursing. 2. BSN preferred. 3. Licensed to practice as a Registered Nurse (RN) in the state of Michigan. [BRASSRING IMPORT 11/14/16] Job: Med/Surg Primary Location: Detroit, Michigan Facility: DMC Harper University/Hutzel Women's Hospital Job Type: Full-time Shift Type: Nights If Other Shift, Specify: Everyother weekend and Everyother holidays Shift Begin: 7:00 PM Shift End: 7:30 AM Employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant\u2019s or employee\u2019s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Tenet will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. "
}