{
    "Body": " Offering Manager, Blockchain Solutions - Watson Health at IBM Cambridge, MA 02140 ? About the Job Introduction Ready to re-imagine the product management role? At IBM, as an Offering Manager, you are responsible for the full lifecycle of an offering: from validating need to determining the business model and defining the solution requirements. Going beyond the traditional focus of timetables and budgets, you use your keen insights into what customers want in their own business plan - and work across disciplines to build the best solutions to a problem. If being the CEO of your offering excites you, consider an offering management career at IBM. Your Role and Responsibilities This new Offering Management role will drive the new Watson Health blockchain-based solution offering strategy as part of the Watson Health blockchain business and be responsible for offering management of select new solutions. Watson Health is participating in the formation of the Health Utility Network, which is a collaboration of leading payer, provider, financial services and technology organizations that is designed to create an open, industry-wide platform for data sharing and innovation in health. The solutions that are offered and enabled on HUN will be critical to the early success of the network. The Offering Manager acts as an entrepreneur, strategist, technical visionary, cross-functional team leader, and client advocate. An Offering Manager has two primary responsibilities: (1) defining the new offering(s) to be built; and (2) managing its development, launch, and ongoing improvement. To fulfill these responsibilities, an Offering Manager influences the actions of diverse cross-functional team as the market authority, acting as a \"General Manager\" for their scope of the business. Skills: Environment: Business unit, country, or international professional mastery related to operations, strategies, and objectives in leading edge or critical situations. Communication/Negotiation: Excellent verbal and written communication skills at all levels and across teams. Plan and conduct complex negotiations reaching lasting agreements and commitments. Problem Solving: Anticipate, create and define innovative and visionary concepts in strategic environment. Contribution/Leadership: Develops and implements product, market, business, or technology strategies with executive review. Has vision of overall strategies. Contributes to policy making. Recognized as an expert and leader by members of a field and related functions. Leads business unit, country, or international teams, conducts special projects, or manages functions or strategic departments. Impact on Business/Scope: Accountable for business unit, major country, or international projects or programs. Responsible for committing multiple resources and achieving customer satisfaction, cost, expense, revenue and other business measurements of critical importance. Responsible for quality output/value add for highly visible products, services and future business development. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Minimum of 10 years experience in technology, healthcare, and/or management consulting. 3+ years in offering management, product management, product development or strategic product marketing solving complex business problems 2+ years leadership experience of an Agile product team Adept at complex problem solving and collaborating with multiple disciplines including: design, engineering, sales, marketing, finance and legal Experience collaborating with Business Partners, consultants, ISVs or Cloud Service Providers Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Data and insight driven to make strategic solution portfolio and product decisions for growth Bachelors degree required in a relevant field; MBA a plus. About Business Unit IBM Watson Health is pioneering a new partnership between humanity and technology with the goal of transforming global health and revolutionizing many aspects of the medical and pharmaceutical industries, as well as government sectors. We aspire to improve lives and give hope by delivering innovation to address the worlds most pressing health challenges through data and artificial intelligence insights. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when youre looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBMs greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "1F069EAAEB2154EB3394163054E2900F", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Offering-Manager-Blockchain-Solutions-Watson-Health-Cambridge-MA-US-IBM/5ef25ea6-abb4-4c2b-b4b8-e0e1bd1d0eb3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/offering-manager-blockchain-solutions-watson-health-cambridge-ma-us-ibm/5ef25ea6-abb4-4c2b-b4b8-e0e1bd1d0eb3", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://www.monster.com/company/profiles/ibmcorporation"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=7&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Offering Manager, Blockchain Solutions - Watson Health job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/offering-manager-blockchain-solutions-watson-health-cambridge-ma-us-ibm/5ef25ea6-abb4-4c2b-b4b8-e0e1bd1d0eb3"
}
