{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20infura",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Assistant-Store-Manager-Brookville-PA-US-Pep-Boys/fd2ff0f4-75db-4bbe-824c-9df561bdf1ea",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/assistant-store-manager-brookville-pa-us-pep-boys/fd2ff0f4-75db-4bbe-824c-9df561bdf1ea"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20infura",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Assistant Store Manager job at Pep Boys | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "1F4990AB6CAAA793BEA8F836EF12A239",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/assistant-store-manager-brookville-pa-us-pep-boys/fd2ff0f4-75db-4bbe-824c-9df561bdf1ea",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Assistant Store Manager at Pep Boys Brookville, PA 15825   About the Job Overview Icahn Automotive Group LLC (Icahn Automotive) was formed by its parent, Icahn Enterprises L.P. (NASDAQ: IEP), to invest in and operate businesses involved in aftermarket parts distribution and service. Our businesses have a singular focus: provide premium automotive parts and services at a great value. The businesses of Icahn Automotive today consist of Pep Boys® automotive aftermarket retail and service chain, Auto Plus® automotive aftermarket parts distributor, Precision Tune Auto Care® owned and franchised automotive service centers, and AAMCO Total Auto Care franchised service centers. The businesses of Icahn Automotive total over 22,000 employees, over 2,000 company-owned and franchise locations and 25 distribution centers throughout the US, Canada, and Puerto Rico.   Position Summary Assists the store manager in planning and directing the day-to-day operations of a retail store which sells replaceable parts, equipment, tools and accessories for motor vehicles.  Assists in executing store sales and operational goals. Develops strategies to improve customer service, fostering a positive culture and a strong sense of team by coaching, mentoring, training and retaining a knowledgeable team. Provides excellent customer service by ensuring customer needs are met, complaints are resolved, and service is quick and efficient. This position has been designated as a safety-sensitive position.   Duties & Responsibilities Demonstrates integrity, honesty and knowledge to ensure compliance with all company policies and procedures while instilling the Corporate Vision, Mission and Values into daily work. Identify new customers and revenue opportunities. Participate in the interviewing, selection, training, evaluation and retention of store personnel. Supervise store personnel when manager is not present.  Participates in employee and company training. Protect and maintain the security of store assets.   Ensure compliance with all inventory and operational standards. Manage toward a positive cash flow by achieving sales forecast, managing payroll costs (including controlling overtime) and controlling operating expenses. Work closely with the sales department in promotions, SPIFFs, displays and other marketing campaigns. Develop and maintain strong relationships with customers. Handle customer complaints effectively and positively.  Call on customers as necessary. Manage the physical appearance of stock and stores. Prepare store employee schedules to ensure coverage of all shifts and positions. Has the knowledge and ability to perform all positions and shifts if needed. Other duties as assigned.   Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities High school diploma required, Associate's Degree preferred in retail management or similar. 1-3 years' sales experience in aftermarket auto parts sales. Successful completion of Hazmat General Awareness:  Materials of Trade Exception Training. Ability to exercise judgement and to work independently. Demonstrated organizational and comprehensive skills. Strong verbal communication skills. Excellent customer service skills. Ability to handle difficult customer situations. Comfortable utilizing up-sell techniques. Strong cash handling skills, including the use of POS systems. Extensive product knowledge or the ability to obtain product knowledge. Experience with MS Office products. Must maintain a valid driver's license that meets the criteria under company policy. Required to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business which may require night and weekend shifts.  Required to work the hours necessary to open and/or close the store.   Physical Demands/Work Environment The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    The characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.    Physical Demands Extensive standing, walking, pushing and reaching. Need full range of motion for reaching, bending and stooping. Repetitive movement of hands, arms and legs. Lifting of heavy equipment of up to 50 pounds. May work outside and be exposed to weather. Exposure to adverse weather conditions, chemicals, odors, dirt and dust. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. "
}