{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Account-Executive-Austin-TX-US-Chaloner/ee580504-b34f-4717-8e11-01f81a0612a7",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/account-executive-austin-tx-us-chaloner/ee580504-b34f-4717-8e11-01f81a0612a7",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=ee580504-b34f-4717-8e11-01f81a0612a7"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Account Executive job at Chaloner | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "2609029A49DF4FFC9F35355E828CB4EE",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/account-executive-austin-tx-us-chaloner/ee580504-b34f-4717-8e11-01f81a0612a7",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Account Executive at Chaloner Austin, TX   About the Job Red Fan Communications is seeking a public relations account executive to join their team in Austin, TX.  Does the prospect of reading the likes of TechCrunch, American Banker, or Recode for a living excite you? Is there nothing more satisfying for you in the business world than seeing your clients name in a publication or byline? If so, wed like to hear from you.  Red Fan is looking for a proven PR professional with a serious passion for B2B technology to join its ranks. The ideal candidate has a natural affinity for and interest in B2B technology and related topics like financial/healthcare/education and agriculture technology, data analytics, machine learning, blockchain, and the Internet of Things. S/he is capable of passing that knowledge on to junior staff and isnt afraid to roll up the sleeves and nerd out when the situation calls for it. The AE has exceptional writing and editing skills and is experienced at crafting and executing strategic media programs. S/he has a general understanding of and willingness to learn the B2B tech media and analyst landscape. S/he is an expert at cultivating relationships with media members and influencers, and uses every available tool at his/her disposal to achieve the best possible results for a client. The account executive will be involved in client strategy and planning, brainstorms, media and analyst relations, content strategy and development (including bylines and press releases, among others) as well as new business development. S/he is also comfortable creating analytics reports that highlight PRs contributions and successes on various accounts. If you like what youre reading so far, and we hope you are, then this is your chance to work with a number of award-winning B2B tech brands alongside a senior team of PR rockstars that, you guessed it, loves to nerd out together to achieve maximum results for its clients. Youll be working in an environment and team that values company culture, a good joke now and then, just a tad bit of perfectionism and, above all, a relentless commitment to success.   THE PURPOSE OF A RED FAN ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE An individual in the Account Executive position at Red Fan Communications is the day-to-day account lead on B2B client accounts. As an established PR professional, the Account Executive is responsible for executing strategic PR and communications campaigns that map to their clients business goals. This individual is a solid writer, knows Associated Press Style inside and out, has managed multiple B2B tech accounts and has a proven track record of client success.    A RED FAN ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE IS: Calm Under Pressure: Never let em see you sweat. Deadline? No problem. Crisis? Got it. Youre calm when theyre nervous. You take multiple requests and deadlines in stride and are unshaken under pressure. A Ninja-Level Copywriter: Whether youre reviewing your own drafts before submission or reviewing copy from someone else at the agency, youre hot on spelling, grammar and proof-reading, and you have a creative flair for producing engaging copy for pitches, press releases, presentations and more. Goal-Oriented: No obstacles get in your way. You see solutions where clients see problems. You love a challenge and are easily bored with routine. Your expertise puts clients on the map. A Team Rallier: You are not a lone ranger. You connect with your team to get the right brains in the room. You initiate brainstorm sessions and act quickly on the takeaways. A Relationship Guru: You make connections for clients naturally and build top-tier media relationships with ease. Your internal relationships are solid and your team sees you as someone they trust. Your clients see you as a trusted B2B adviser who delivers solid, measurable results. An Account Management Wiz: You thrive working to tight media deadlines as well as meeting the demands and needs of your team and clients, so you work quickly and efficiently, without compromising on quality. In addition, you know the hours you have for each account and manage these against budgets and goals.    A RED FAN ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE DOES: Develops the messaging foundation and content strategy for campaigns: Contributes to the creation of the messaging and narrative development for each client Builds communication and PR strategies that support the goals of the client Plays a key role in pulling together content from positioning audits and other knowledge sources and digs deep to understand the competitors and landscape in which a client will launch or is already competing Is familiar with the finalized and approved company messaging, including messaging triangles, FAQs, boiler plate language, etc. Creates and reviews web copy, boilerplates, positioning presentations, positioning statements, byline articles, case studies, media pitches and press releases Develops authentic media strategies: Creates customized client storylines and pitches that map to editors appetites Distributes pitches and performs savvy media follow-up to secure placements Flourishes in the art of tech media relations, from emails to follow-up calls to journalists, analysts and thought-leaders. Is savvy in the art of analyst relations and can speak with authority about their clients industry. Coordinates media interview logistics, thinking through all the angles Drafts impressive press kits and materials Researches reporters and builds media lists (through databases, online research and other methods) Engages reporters and media at events and continues to build his/her media contact database within the agency Uses agency tools to spot new reporters covering competitors and offers ideas for how to reach out to them on behalf of clients Is excited about the use of social media for finding and pitching select media who prefer the use of Twitter, etc. Monitors media coverage and reports results to the wider team and clients  Sits at the front seat of client relations: Acts as primary client contact; continually fosters client-agency relationships to build trust and become a valuable resource to client Plans and runs creative media relations programs; identifies media contacts, builds relationships and secures coverage Plays key role in account activities including special events, media relations, program implementation, etc. Continually builds understanding and knowledge of clients business and competitive environments; applies this information in preparing and presenting strategically focused programs and recommendations Agency team support: Facilitates teamwork within the accounts team; coordinates team resources and creates opportunities for junior staff to take on more responsibility; fully utilizes agency resources to create the \"best teams\" for your clients Develops an understanding of various research methods; coordinates internal and external resources in implementing research projects Participates in the research, writing, and presentation of new business proposals Takes advantage of internal and external networking opportunities to enhance professional development and agency/office visibility Seeks counsel from financial manager to understand the client/agency financial policies and procedures as they relate to client plans/budgets  PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS  Bachelors degree, preferably in journalism, public relations, communications or marketing 2-4 years experience with a PR agency with a focus on B2B/tech clients Passionate about tech clients with proven track record of client successes in this space Fearless when it comes to talking to reporters on the phone Public speaking ability - comfortable presenting to clients Diligent editor and writer in American AP Style Proven team player with a can-do attitude To learn more about what it's like to work at Red Fan, visit www.redfancommunications.com/culture ABOUT RED FAN At Red Fan we enjoy what we do, the people we work with and the tremendous value we bring to the table each day. Founded in 2007, we're an established and growing boutique agency with national reach, a tremendous client roster and a reputation for personalized client service, first class media relations and brand positioning programs that put clients on track toward hitting their goals with informed, customized campaigns. We put our all into our work to make our clients look great but we also value work/life balance and enjoy ourselves along the way. Chaloner has partnered with Red Fan Communications on their search for an Account Executive. Interested candidates should apply by using the application form. Chaloner will review all applicants and, upon qualification, contact you to determine next steps. "
}