{
    "Body": " Anti-Money Laundering Analyst at IBM DENVER, CO ?? About the Job Introduction As a Promontory Anti-Money Laundering Analyst you'll be a trusted business advisor. You'll have the opportunity to position IBM for long-term financial growth delivering analysis, and providing insight and innovation into the business. You'll be redefining how we manage our organization and how we work while achieving budgeted targets and ensuring the delivery of a high-quality product. Your Role and Responsibilities Promontory seeks compliance analysts for multiple client engagements. These are AML/KYC-focused projects that require analysts at a variety of skill-levels. Whether you're just beginning your career in compliance or you have previous exposure, we're interested in discussing further. These positions are located in Denver, CO and an individual must be local or willing to relocate for consideration. Job Summary : Analysts engage in compliance review and risk assessment projects to serve Promontory clients within the financial industry. You will be expected to positively contribute to Promontory\u2019s success in a variety of areas related to today\u2019s heightened regulatory climate. PRR projects are analyst-driven and require individuals with a strong work ethic, excellent research abilities, and superior critical thinking skills. Analysts must be able to write clearly and concisely. The ability to produce an error-free work product is essential for success. The nature of this project-based work requires individuals to be flexible, quickly learn new skills, and meet uncompromising quality requirements and production expectations while working closely with others in a team environment. Responsibilities + Apply logic and reasoning skills to conduct research for case analysis. + Use sound decision-making skills to make recommendations based on research results. + Compose comprehensive supporting investigative narratives + Interpret and apply project policies and procedures to direct work. + Maintain high work product quality as outlined by each project specifications. + Quickly learn new applications and client systems to conduct research. + Manage work flow in a way that is efficient and contributes to the meeting of production goals. PromUS Required Technical and Professional Expertise + Undergraduate degree in business, accounting, finance or a related field is required or equivalent work experience. + At least 1-year compliance experience at a financial institution is strongly preferred. + The ability to work independently; take initiative; and able to adapt to change. + Demonstrate competency with computers, including proficiency with all Microsoft Office products, and prior experience with a computer database and testing systems. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + JD a strong plus. + Results oriented team player with strong initiative and flexibility. + Quick learner that will be able to readily understand regulatory compliance, financial concepts and issues, exercise sound judgment and observe the highest degree of confidentiality. + Adept to multi-tasking and meeting deadlines in high-pressure environment. + Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. + Exceptional research, processing, and analytical skills with the ability to analyze large amounts of data, decipher higher risk attributes (transactional, geographical, product, customer type, etc.) and disposition appropriately. + Superior writing skills with the ability to convey ideas clearly and succinctly. + Demonstrate competency with all Microsoft Office Products, including proficiency with all Microsoft Office products, and should have prior experience with a variety of computer database and testing systems. + Exemplary customer service towards both internal and external parties. About Business Unit IBM Industry Platforms provides a range of strategic technologies to remove much of the cost and complexity of delivering core business functions. By delivering artificial intelligence, analytics, security, blockchain and cloud technology as a service, and in a complete platform tailored to the needs of each industry, IBM helps clients become more customer-centric, balance costs and mitigate risk. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world. What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "268A97E22116BC537A110B3FF1721B46", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, anti money laundering, analytical, financial, compliance, collaboration, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Denver, Colorado, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Anti-Money-Laundering-Analyst-DENVER-CO-US-IBM/7683b3cb-f2f2-47be-81ce-b9dae4a11be1", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/anti-money-laundering-analyst-denver-co-us-ibm/7683b3cb-f2f2-47be-81ce-b9dae4a11be1"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20analytical", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20analytical", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Anti-Money Laundering Analyst job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/anti-money-laundering-analyst-denver-co-us-ibm/7683b3cb-f2f2-47be-81ce-b9dae4a11be1"
}
