{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=18",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Wholesale-Payments-Liquidity-Escrow-Services-Business-Development-VP-New-York-NY-US-JPMorgan-Chase-Bank-N.A./b1a90563-e7e2-4e65-a435-6f27ffd51638",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-liquidity-escrow-services-business-development-vp-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/b1a90563-e7e2-4e65-a435-6f27ffd51638",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-liquidity-escrow-services-business-development-vp-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3D94b106ae18415ab7839a36c9c0215f59"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=18",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Wholesale Payments - Liquidity and Escrow Services - Business Development - VP job at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "26CA0CE391890B9BE22528D57E3BE4C4",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-liquidity-escrow-services-business-development-vp-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/b1a90563-e7e2-4e65-a435-6f27ffd51638",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Wholesale Payments - Liquidity and Escrow Services - Business Development - VP at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. New York, NY 10001   About the Job J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With over $25 trillion of assets under custody and $470 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments (WP) is one of the world's largest, most trusted and innovative full-service providers of domestic and international cash management, liquidity, commercial card, FX, escrow solutions and merchant services. With more than 135,000 corporations, financial institutions, public sector agencies and non-government clients in over 180 countries across the globe, we offer specialized solutions that provide operating efficiencies and value beyond other standardized solutions available in the market. Our global product and technology platform, integrated client service model and network of operational centers enable WP to deliver a consistent set of services to clients no matter where they are across the world. J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments Liquidity & Escrow Services provides advanced solutions for clients to manage their global operating liquidity. Our product set operates globally in real-time to support our most complex clients as they manage their liquidity across legal entities, geographies, currencies, and time-zones. The landscape of liquidity, account, and escrow services is rapidly changing, impacted by new technologies, FinTech entrants, and new use cases. Our client demands are growing as new payment types emerge, cash flows become 24x7 and new technologies become globally available. At the same time market demands are rapidly changing and evolving. Large corporations, non-bank financial institutions, governments, and bank clients are all evolving their own client relationships with increased direct selling, alternative payment channels, broader currency reach, tokenized cash, wallets etc. These changes must be aligned in context with a highly complex legal, regulatory, technological, market, and tax environments governing J.P. Morgan. Integrating these new disruptive technologies into our environment successfully will be key to our continued growth and increased relevance in the markets we serve. Role & Responsibilities: The Liquidity & Escrow Services Business Development Vice President role will help to flesh out and articulate business or product opportunities arising from product/industry gaps, customer needs and regulatory and/or technology developments. They will also be responsible for partnering with JPM technology, legal, compliance, tax, operations, and treasury and client coverage teams to commercialize new business opportunities and drive revenue. Develop rich understanding of the JPM Wholesale Liquidity & Escrow product suite, including drivers of revenue, capabilities relative to industry/customer needs and current business priorities Articulate & flesh out novel ideas that can transform the business and enhance client relationships & compliment the broader business strategy; Research & critique external offerings by traditional and non-traditional players Assess the operational and commercial viability of promising ideas - in particular developing commercially sound use cases and business economics Structure new products and services through creative usage of pricing, customer integration/interaction models (e.g. API's), existing Wholesale Payments capabilities, emerging technologies (e.g. Blockchain) and enhancements to core technology capabilities Partner with JPM legal, tax, compliance and treasury professionals to identify regulatory/funding constraints and validate new product concepts Champion the approval of new products and services though JPM's New Products/Business approval processes Project manage the delivery of specific programs and capabilities Background and Skill Requirements: Bachelor's degree with up to 5-7 years of professional experience Strong analytical mindset with very strong attention to detail Creative & curious thinker who is appreciative about 'non-traditional' solutions to meet business/customer needs Strong written and verbal communication skills, including ability to combine multiple complex ideas into coherent written end-products Team player with ability to develop strong relationships across functions and seniority levels in a large matrix organization Experience in working on complex projects and/or new product launches in a large financial services organization; Strong organization and project management skills Ability to travel Experience/Knowledge of one or more of the following: Core transaction banking services covering wholesale clients Financial regulations affecting liquidity and/or transaction banking services Interest rate and money markets businesses Corporate or Bank Treasury, Liability/Liquidity planning and /or ALMJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans "
}