{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=16",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/IT-Auditor-Senior-Boston-MA-US-Federal-Reserve-Bank-FRB/3ccb1905-2be2-48da-9011-aff670b62091",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-auditor-senior-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/3ccb1905-2be2-48da-9011-aff670b62091",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-auditor-senior-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3Dda5597ae106665bb2540f1e8ab80f846"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=16",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IT Auditor, Senior job at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "293BF3BD79ABFC41298A5F237411A379",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-auditor-senior-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/3ccb1905-2be2-48da-9011-aff670b62091",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " IT Auditor, Senior at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) Boston, MA 02108   About the Job Senior IT Auditor Job Summary This position is responsible for leading or conducting complex technical audits and other projects. Principal Accountabilities 1. Evaluate governance and risks and the determination of the effectiveness of controls for the Bank and Federal Reserve's automation environment, the effectiveness and efficiency of automation operations, safeguarding of assets and compliance with applicable rules and regulations. 2. Execute the approved audit program in accordance with establish policies and standards under general direction, with a great degree of independence. 3. Define appropriate scope and objectives, establish assignment time frames and budgets, develop new or revise existing audit programs (as necessary), and prepare clear and concise work papers that document the audit tests performed and the conclusions drawn. 4. Plan, execute and assure the satisfactory completion of audit tasks and responsibilities, and supervise and review audit work performed by audit team members. 5. Evaluate audit team members performance after each assignment. 6. Review, verify and analyze configurations, records, reports and procedures for accuracy and effectiveness. 7. Identify and assess the impact of audit exceptions, make appropriate recommendations and present clear and convincing explanations of the issues with audit management and operating personnel. 8. Prepare written reports to operations management at the conclusion of audit reviews. 9. Appraise the adequacy of corrective action taken to address reported audit exceptions as necessary. 10. Assist in the mentoring of new auditors and trains/develops less experienced auditors through formal presentations or on-the job training. 11. Obtain and maintain an advanced knowledge base and an awareness of activities in most complex areas of assigned liaison coverage, review and analyze pertinent data, and assess the impact of changes. 12. Develop/maintain audit programs and risk assessments for assigned areas of liaison coverage. 13. Provide audit coverage to more-complex system development efforts and other projects. 14. Serve as a subject matter expert in emerging audit techniques. 15. Lead System and local audit projects having the goal of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Audit function. Other Accountabilities Perform other duties as assigned. Supervision This position is required to directly supervise 1-3 employees on an assignment basis. Knowledge and Experience Knowledge and experience normally acquired through, or equivalent to, the completion of a Bachelor's degree and a minimum of 5 years of job-related experience. Graduate degree and professional certification (e.g., Certified Internal Auditor, Certified Public Accountant, Certified Information Systems Auditor, Certified Information Systems Security Professional, Certified Cloud Security Professional, and/or Project Management Professional) preferred. Requires a working knowledge with some of the following technology-related topics: Systems development methodologies (e.g. Agile, Scrum, and Rational Unified Process), systems transformation and implementation approaches, software development, program and project management, SaaS enterprise resource planning applications, cloud system migrations, and information security standards and processes (e.g. NIST, FedRAMP, ISO 27001, and/or PCI-DSS). Interest in the application of emerging technologies including, robotic process automation, machine learning/artificial intelligence, and Blockchain/distributed ledger technology. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace and to provide equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, disability, or military service. All employees assigned to this position will be subject to a credit check, an FBI fingerprint/criminal background check, and Patriot Act / Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) watch list checks at least once every five years. Internal candidates who accept a job offer for this position will also be subject to credit re-screening before transferring. All candidates must be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent resident aliens with at least three or more years of U.S. residency from the date of legal entry to the U.S. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work required of this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities or skills associated with this position or the personnel so classified. While this job description is intended to be an accurate reflection of this position, management reserves the right to revise this or any job description at its discretion at any time. "
}