{
    "Body": " Principal Architect, One Year Term, Benefits Eligible at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) Boston, MA 02108 ???????????? About the Job Job Title: Principal Architect Department: Payment Strategies Sub-department: Applied Fintech Research Job Summary: The Principal Architect, Applied Fintech Research, is a one year temporary role, subject to extension. The Applied Fintech Research Group (AFR) of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston performs experimentation into emerging technologies that may assist the mission of the Federal Reserve System. AFR is seeking a technologist with a strong track record of innovation, with the ability to perform self-directed applied research with excellent written and verbal communication skills. She or he will have experience with prototyping and hypothesis driven development, along with a good understanding on how to work with policy teams. The ability to self-motivate and drive results through a multitude of prototypes and policy needs is required. Prior experience with blockchain technologies is required. Principal Accountabilities: Leading discovery for use cases that further the Federal Reserve System's understanding of blockchain and specific blockchain implementations. Developing proof of concepts and pilot projects that will evaluate a specific, or multiple, technology's applicability, performance, scalability, security, and resiliency. Present findings to a multitude of policy makers and to leadership up to the senior executive level. Work directly with development and engineering teams to share findings and best practices for the use of blockchain technologies. Interact as a representative for the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston with external parties and stakeholders on matters of blockchain technology. Research, assess, and recommend third-party technologies and products for their applicability to complex policy requirements, and contribute to the development of new projects. Knowledge and Experience: A degree in computer science, mathematics, cryptography, or equivalent work experience. 10+ years of experience in software design and architectural leadership for financial services, consumer facing platforms, and/or engineering teams Strong software engineering background required. Deep expertise building smart contract applications in Solidity, Rust, Go. Knowledge of existing blockchain protocols required. Hands-on experience with clustering technologies such as Kubernetes, containers, and supporting large scale distributed systems in cloud environments. Experience working with legal, compliance, and regulatory requirements. Experience working with and presenting to senior executive leadership. This position is a 1-year term with benefits. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace and to provide equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, disability, or military service. All employees assigned to this position will be subject to FBI fingerprint/ criminal background and Patriot Act/ Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) watch list checks at least once every five years. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature, level of work and the requirements of this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities associated with this position or the personnel so classified. While this job description is intended to be an accurate reflection of this position, management reserves the right to revise this or any job description at its discretion at any time. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Federal Reserve Bank (FR", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "325D01D2E3A27726B1CEEC348F8168E2", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, kubernetes, emerging technologies, financial, cryptography, proof of concepts, cloud, rust, smart contract, compliance, distributed systems, containers, software engineer, protocols, solidity", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Boston, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Principal-Architect-One-Year-Term-Benefits-Eligible-Boston-MA-US-Federal-Reserve-Bank-FRB/a3455151-0c4f-426c-b9bb-b7f6147adb2a", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/principal-architect-one-year-term-benefits-eligible-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/a3455151-0c4f-426c-b9bb-b7f6147adb2a", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/principal-architect-one-year-term-benefits-eligible-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3Dc5a1ef470882c0de619ff9aa805351c6"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=14", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=14", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Principal Architect, One Year Term, Benefits Eligible job at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/principal-architect-one-year-term-benefits-eligible-boston-ma-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/a3455151-0c4f-426c-b9bb-b7f6147adb2a"
}
