{
    "Body": " Application Developer - (ETL / DataStage, DB2, SQL) at IBM SOUTHBURY, CT ?? About the Job Introduction The Office of the Chief Information Officer (CIO) owns IBM\u2019s IT strategy and provides the tools, workstations, devices, and infrastructure that IBMers use to do their jobs every day. Put simply, our mission is to create a productive environment for IBM's 365,000 worldwide employees. Join us as we lead with design to drive simplicity and ease of use, engineering the systems that run the business, and innovating to transform the business. Your Role and Responsibilities Business Introduction The team is located in an agile open space and uses physical and virtual tools to collaborate and manage their work. The secret to success is our people and culture. We enjoy building quality products, crafting an amazing user experience, continually reinventing and evolving how we work and having lots of fun in the process. The team is located in Southbury CT No remote opportunities exist Will consider relocation for candidates with the right skills/experience Must have the ability to work in the US without current/future need for IBM sponsorship Who you are: Currently seeking Application Developers to become part of a team that provides IT support to the IBM Finance Systems Indirect Tax organization. You will help us build, enhance and maintain our IDT Tax Compliance Strategic ETL solution using skills such as DataStage, DB2, SQL, and Unix. You will also use a variety of tooling, including DataStage 11.7, Linux, Rational Team Concert and QMF. In addition, you will have an opportunity to also learn and support ETL for our IDT Blockchain Solution. What you\u2019ll do: Design, develop, deploy and maintain the IT Technical Solution Demonstrate a clear pride of ownership for the IT Technical solution Actively participate in the Agile and DevOps development process Propose new ideas with relentless focus on quality and continuous improvement Perform root cause analysis of technical and process issues Looking for basic skills with: + 3+ years Application Development experience + DataStage, DB2, SQL, QMF + Unix / Shell Scripting + Agile Development Practices (Scrum), Behavior Driven and Test Driven Development + DevOps Practices including Automated Build, Test and Deployment and Static Analysis using tools and practices + Excellent communication skills with proven problem solving experience CIODEM20 Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 3+ years Application Development experience Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + NA About Business Unit The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM\u2019s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. How we\u2019ll help you grow: \u2022 You\u2019ll have access to all the technical and management training courses you need, to become the expert you want to be. \u2022 You\u2019ll learn directly from expert developers in the field; our team leads love to mentor. \u2022 You will have the opportunity to work in many different areas to figure About IBM IBM is a global technology and innovation company. It is the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with presence in 170 countries. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, unusually distinguishes IBM from other companies in the industry. Over the past 100 years, a lot has changed at IBM, in this new era of Cognitive Business, IBM is helping to reshape industries as diverse as healthcare, retail, banking, travel, manufacturing, and many more, by bringing together our expertise in Cloud, Analytics, Security, Mobile, and the Internet of Things. We like to say, \u201cbe essential.\u201d We are changing how we craft. How we collaborate. How we analyze. How we engage. Join the next generation of innovators, inventors and entrepreneurs who are crafting the very way the world works. We want the brightest minds doing work that encourages, in an environment where growth is supported. IBMers get to discover their potential, so they\u2019re encouraged to build breakthroughs that help our clients succeed. We\u2019re establishing teams with dynamic strengths with people who want their ideas to matter. Join us \u2014 you\u2019ll be proud to call yourself an IBMer. Location Statement IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "348704E46B86719AEDF88CBA9D7F4A95", 
    "KeyTerms": "financial, business development, remote, sql, banking, application development, cloud, scripting, internet of things, tdd, compliance, devops, collaboration, linux, scrum, agile, etl, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Southbury, Connecticut, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Application-Developer-ETL-DataStage-DB2-SQL-SOUTHBURY-CT-US-IBM/33b8de55-e051-4b68-98bd-cc234d0d7335", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/application-developer-etl-datastage-db2-sql-southbury-ct-us-ibm/33b8de55-e051-4b68-98bd-cc234d0d7335"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20sql", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20sql", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Application Developer - (ETL / DataStage, DB2, SQL) job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/application-developer-etl-datastage-db2-sql-southbury-ct-us-ibm/33b8de55-e051-4b68-98bd-cc234d0d7335"
}
