{
    "Body": " WFH - FULL-STACK Blockchain Engineer (JS, C++, Node.js, React, Blockchain) at SyncFab Co. ?? About the Job ABOUT YOU: Interested in helping revolutionize manufacturing? Are you passionate about the intersection of cloud computing, blockchain and distributed ledgers? Do you have the ability to put together unique cutting-edge solutions that bring together various technologies for breakthrough business outcomes? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Are you a thought leader with a mix of strong product experience, software development and technical blockchain expertise. You need to be passionate about leveraging blockchain and software technology solutions to help solve the problems of manufacturers Large, Medium and Small from C-Suite executives to the Shop Floor assembly line. This role combines high-level strategic thinking, strong communication with stakeholders, and going hands-on to code up proofs of concept to full fledged feature development and existing system maintenance. As a Full Stack Blockchain Lead Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing on Blockchain projects across a range of different technologies. You will develop and design integration architecture for integrating applications with Blockchain specific to Manufacturing and, also, participant organizations and their member nodes to Blockchain network. Must be able to look at the wider picture and consider adding new technologies such as AI, IoT, and robotic processing (RPA) and apply these to solving real business problems and creating new Blockchain operating models. We are looking for a Lead Full-Stack Blockchain Software Architect and Developer fluent in Javascript, C++, Node.js, react.js, angluar, Ethereum, Hyperledger engineers in Los Angeles. Ideal candidates will have some exposure to Manufacturing ERP environments and be comfortable working across the front and backend of the platform with JavaScript, Node.JS, ReactJS, Redux, Angluar, MongoDB and AWS EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon API Gateway, AWS CloudHSM. While ideally seeking engineers experienced in all of these technologies, we are open to agnostic, dynamic developers who\u2019ve developed consumer-facing applications with other modern, web-based, object-oriented technologies. Successful candidates will have phenomenal communication skills and have worked successfully as part of an established engineering team. The successful candidate will become a trusted adviser both to our Product Engineering Team as well as our Customers and will work with Enterprise Sales to drive adoption and revenue. This will include showcasing working with SyncFab Manufacturing Blockchain templates (Hyperledger Fabric, Ethereum). Preferred location:??Los Angeles, but open to remote during COVID19 Responsibilities Include Architect end-to-end solutions for our customers using blockchain and other SyncFab services. Help develop an overall blockchain ecosystem engagement strategy. In partnership with the business development, solution architects and sales team, formulate and execute a strategy to drive adoption of distributed ledgers on SyncFab. Conduct one-to-few and one-to-many training sessions to transfer knowledge to customers considering or already using SyncFab. Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the SyncFab community. Author and contribute to SyncFab customer-facing publications such as blogs, whitepapers. Engage directly with the customers\u2019 development team, understand their specific business and technology challenges in the area of distributed ledgers integration in new products and services. Experience developing Hyperledger or Ethereum based solutions and passion for getting hands dirty with code. Build deep relationships with senior technical individuals within customers to enable them to be cloud advocates. Act as a technical liaison between customers, service engineering teams and support. Basic Qualifications Computer Science degree with 7+ years of experience in software development, including design, implementation, debugging, and support Experience working with blockchain frameworks such as Ethereum and Hyperledger in projects 2+ years experience developing smart contracts and decentralized applications. 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like Java, Go, and Node.js. Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures. Delivering high quality software solutions on time Preferred Qualifications Experience in writing smart contracts for blockchain frameworks such as Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Sawtooth, Ethereum, and Corda Experience designing and building highly-scaled distributed systems and web services Very strong computer science fundamentals in algorithm design, data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis Possesses strong analytical skills, with excellent problem-solving abilities in the face of ambiguity Thorough understanding of parallel algorithms, concurrency, asynchronous architectures Experience working in an agile software development organization Proven ability to effectively drive cross-team solutions that may have complex dependencies Experience in enterprise software or cloud services Ability to work effectively, efficiently and independently with minimal oversight Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Strong communication, collaboration and interpersonal skills. BS/MS in Computer Science or a related field Experience in modern test techniques such as Test and Behavior Driven Development (TDD and BDD) Familiarity with Agile / Scrum Must Have: 5+ years of professional engineering experience Tech: C++, JavaScript, React, Redux, Node.JS, RUST, GoLang, Ethereum, Hyperledger and MongoDB Full Stack Experience B.S in Computer Science or related Plus: Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) M.S. in Computer Science or related Ideally you have worked in an ERP environment and are thoroughly familiar with manufacturing ERP. You will collaborate closely with product and vendors and customers to improve the end product and assist the Team to increase revenue based on user feedback, as well as soliciting and managing product enhancement requests from Sales, Business Development and Operations. Our platform will be securely pooling and collateralizing data for analytics optimization and MLAI for Smart Manufacturing across industry and product. 5+ years of progressive software development/architecture experience is desired 5+ years of Java / J2EE architecture experience 2+ years of hands-on blockchain experience Strong knowledge of Blockchain fundamentals, smart contracts, consensus algorithms Hands-on experience with any one Blockchain platforms (Hyperledger, Ethereum, R3 Corda) Proven understanding of architecture best practices Knowledge and experience with full SDLC lifecycle Experience with Lean / Agile development methodologies Preferred Blockchain Senior Technical Lead Qualifications: Experience with 3 or more blockchain implementations is a plus Strong understanding of different types of Blockchain such as public, private/permissioned, public permissioned, etc. Sound understanding of Blockchain framework such as Hyperledger Fabric, R3 Corda, Ethereum (Solidity), Ripple, Multichain Good understanding of various different consensus algorithms used in Bitcoin Blockchain, Ethereum, Byzantine fault-tolerant algorithms including Hyperledger Fabric PBFT algorithm etc. Knowledge of cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/priv key), symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures. Experience using cryptography material such as certificates for identity management in order to authenticate members, transactions etc. Able to create security architecture for managing the security of Blockchain and related applications Experience creating best practices/guidelines for blockchain teams Skilled in performance metrics for measuring Blockchain performance Excellent verbal and written communications skills, able to resolve business issues Experience and desire to work in a Global Delivery environment What\u2019s in it for you: Be part of building the engineering department within an innovative company. Build a product from the ground up. Work with a highly motivated and passionate team to build the future of the Manufacturing and Aerospace industry. Awesome work environment! We are proudly incubated at the Los Angeles Cleantech Incubator, located at the heart of the Arts District (https://laincubator.org). OUR MISSION: Our team is passionate about using technology to advance local sustainable manufacturing supply chains increasing accessibility and transparency working to solve a variety of new and unique challenges, creating new products. We move quickly, use data to drive our decisions, and deliver products and analytics to manufacturing professionals around the world. ", 
    "CompanyName": "SyncFab Co.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "3980E9B77FDCA5624C1E9A3F36FD6A5D", 
    "KeyTerms": "blockchain platforms, frameworks, react, remote, artificial intelligence, cloud, ethereum, java, smart contract, j2ee, distributed systems, data structures, solidity, hyperledger, supply chain, corda, cryptography, decentralized, javascript, ripple, fabric, scrum, agile, sdlc, algorithms, enterprise software, analytical, golang, business development, nodejs, hash functions, rust, encryption, encryption signatures, cloud computing, mongodb, cloud services, permissioned, dlt, consensus, back end, identity management, internet of things, tdd, collaboration, dapps, full stack, consensus algorithms, aws, bitcoin", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/WFH-FULL-STACK-Blockchain-Engineer-JS-C-Node.js-React-Blockchain-SyncFab-Co./218194333", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=218194333", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wfh-full-stack-blockchain-engineer-js-c-node-js-react-blockchain-us-syncfab-co/218194333"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "WFH - FULL-STACK Blockchain Engineer (JS, C++, Node.js, React, Blockchain) job at SyncFab Co. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/wfh-full-stack-blockchain-engineer-js-c-node-js-react-blockchain-us-syncfab-co/218194333"
}
