{
    "Body": " Security Compliance Analyst IV at Tailored Management, Inc. Menlo Park, CA 94025 ???????????? About the Job _Tailored Management is seeking a Security Compliance Analyst IV????????????to work onsite at our client's Menlo Park, CA campus on a contract basis. This is an excellent opportunity to join the world's largest social media network who enables over a billion users to openly connect with friends and family, share content, and explore the world._ Title:????????????Security Compliance Analyst IV Location:????????????Menlo Park, CA Duration:????????????project through 06/2020 with the opportunity for an extension! Job Description: We are looking for a????????????Security Compliance Analyst IV????????????to join a newly formed subsidiary within this family of apps whose goal is to provide financial services that will let people access and participate in the Libra network. The first product of this team is focused on introducing a digital wallet for Libra, a new global currency powered by blockchain technology. As the Security Compliance Analyst IV, you will be responsible for automating manual tasks around Security Assurance and Audits, as well as participate in planning, scheduling and preliminary analysis for all internal and external audit projects. The ideal candidate will have Internal or external audit experience with Big 4 Audit Firms, and the ability to quickly acquire and apply knowledge of changing technologies implemented. As well as experience in using a risk-based audit approach in evaluations of and recommendations for management processes. Responsibilities: Automate manual tasks around Security Assurance and Audits. Participate in planning, scheduling and preliminary analysis for all internal and external audit projects. Coordinate audit activities including notification and scheduling for all affected parties of audit timing, scope, objectives, approach, and deliverables. Work closely with external auditors and internal audit teams on managing and supporting the audits. Identify, document, and map technology processes and internal controls of applicable technology infrastructure and operational areas per the scope of the audit project. Perform risk assessments of technology infrastructure and operational processes and controls for assigned areas. Complete audit testing, inquiry, observation and other analysis required to meet objectives of audit projects. Keep existing policies and procedures aligned with audit and security requirements. Communicate progress and results of audits throughout the audit engagements. Develop value-added recommendations to deal with issues identified during assigned audits and draft audit reports to formally communicate the results of the audit and related recommendations. Monitor implementation of outstanding audit recommendations and validate their implementation. Request and review vendors auditing documentation to ensure alignment with Cloud Ops internal controls and provide assessments and recommendations.Requirements: Passion for technology, information security, and how Facebook protects and delivers services to its +2 billion users Previous experience as a Third Party Security Manager or Assessor. Ideally not based off of checkbox style initiatives. Excellent communication, attention to detail, and project management skills a must Experience and passion for working with fragmented data to report meaningful metrics and identify actionable insights Strong understanding of one (1) or two (2) of the following security compliance frameworks, controls, and best practices: AICPA Trust Principals (SSAE 16/18 - SOC 2 and 3), ISO 27000 Series, OWASP Top 10, PCI DSS, SANS CIS Critical Security Controls, regulations governing personally identifiable information (PII/PHI - HIPAA/Hi-Trust), and other applicable regulatory compliance frameworks Experience working with security controls across all security domains such as access management, encryption methods, vulnerability management, network security, etc. Ability to work independently and collaboratively across various levels cross-functionally Strong desire to learn and continuously deepen technical skills Security consulting experience or related professional services/consulting background strongly preferred Broader InfoSec background and not pure audit background. We\u2019re not looking for an auditor but someone who has built programs like this and understands the breadth needed to be successful. Familiarity with Blockchain and/or with the over-all remittance landscape and how that plays into Third Party Security. Bachelors in computer science, computer engineering, or business technology???????????? Certifications in one or more of the following areas preferred: CISSP, CISA, CISM, GISO, GCIH, CIPP ", 
    "CompanyName": "Tailored Management", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "3BD7A372E9A8A941AC2A437E5138F1E9", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, wallet, encryption, network security, frameworks, compliance, financial, libra network", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Menlo Park, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Security-Compliance-Analyst-IV-Menlo-Park-CA-US-Tailored-Management/821b37cc-974a-4eae-b6a5-08b19108e6a2", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/security-compliance-analyst-iv-menlo-park-ca-us-tailored-management/821b37cc-974a-4eae-b6a5-08b19108e6a2"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20libra", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "16/18", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20libra", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Security Compliance Analyst IV job at Tailored Management | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/security-compliance-analyst-iv-menlo-park-ca-us-tailored-management/821b37cc-974a-4eae-b6a5-08b19108e6a2"
}
