{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20ropsten",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Surgical-Tech-IV-CVOR-6-30a-to-3-00p-call-required-Atlanta-GA-US-Emory/bc9ad7ba-7b6e-42be-8cfa-fab91fadb4a1",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/surgical-tech-iv-cvor-6-30a-to-3-00p-call-required-atlanta-ga-us-emory/bc9ad7ba-7b6e-42be-8cfa-fab91fadb4a1"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20ropsten",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Surgical Tech IV, CVOR, 6:30a to 3:00p, call required job at Emory | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "3C87DD59622ED84FB06AEDEE90B26C9C",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/surgical-tech-iv-cvor-6-30a-to-3-00p-call-required-atlanta-ga-us-emory/bc9ad7ba-7b6e-42be-8cfa-fab91fadb4a1",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Surgical Tech IV, CVOR, 6:30a to 3:00p, call required at Emory Atlanta, GA 30383   About the Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION: Implements and evaluates care of pediatric, adolescent, adult, and geriatric patients undergoing diagnostic and invasive surgical procedures. Provides care to patients with complex health issues and serves as a clinical resource to staff. Analyzes and anticipates less predictable outcomes of surgical interventions. Leads service area based committees. Participates and leads in identification of cost containment activities. Monitors and maintains supplies and initiates purchases to ensure par levels. Identifies more complex patient needs by reviewing procedure protocol, physician's request, and assessing the patient's physical needs. Prioritizes and actively participates in procedure process and supplies for specialty group of patients. Identifies verbally or in writing unusual incidents during patient care procedures and identifies complex procedure problems related to patient reaction, symptoms, or changes in needs based on patient reactions. Plans for surgical procedure based on identified needs of surgeon and patient. Implements intervention for identified patient problems as related to surgical procedure and patient needs. Utilizes appropriate standards of care, and/or collaborative clinical pathways to guide the plan of care. Determine the equipment, materials, and resources needed to meet the patient procedure plan. Communicates patients' and staff needs and responses through written and verbal communication to management as appropriate. Keeps the peri-operative team abreast of the procedure needs and progress. Maintains courteous and professional behavior in all interactions. Participates in the development and revision of procedure protocols, unit based forms and specialty clinical pathways. Responsible for appropriate revisions to the surgical preference cards for designated service. Documents all aspects of care by following the established unit procedure. Establishes and meets goals in one or more of the following areas: clinical practice, management, education, and/or research. Active membership in professional organization. Functions as a resource to resolve issues related to patient advocacy. Acts as a resource for complex interdisciplinary needs. Identifies available supply resources to meet procedure needs. Assists in identifying staff and patient education needs based on clinical situations and recommends appropriate in-service. Serves as clinical resource for Surgical Technologists in designated service line for orienting new employees and conducting inservices for process improvement in designated service line. Assists with planning and conducting department orientation of new staff and students. Assists with unit based competency requirements. Serves as role model or mentor for new staff and students. Complies with established policies and procedures. Provides input in developing and revising policies and procedures pertaining to specialized patient population to improve the quality of patient care. Successfully completes hospital and department based orientation programs. Attends and leads educational programs to develop optimal knowledge in area of specialty. Assists in identifying ways in which patient and procedure outcomes can be modified through research and/or quality monitoring to improve the quality of patient care. Reviews and identifies revisions to the surgical preference cards for designated service. Participates in unit based and hospital wide performance improvement programs. Assists in research and related activities in the surgery department. Identifies and communicates researchable problems as appropriate. Analyzes and reports data to appropriate source. Performs related responsibilities as required. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: A high school diploma or equivalent. Graduation from an accredited surgical technology program or equivalent job training. Certification in Surgical Technology preferred. Two years multispecialty experience with one year in CVOR specialty area. Must be able to function as a clinical expert in CVOR service line and have the ability to float to other service lines as needed. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS (Medium): 20-50 lbs; 0-33% of the work day (occasionally); 11-25 lbs, 34-66% of the workday (frequently); 01-10 lbs, 67-100% of the workday (constantly); Lifting 50 lbs max; Carrying of objects up to 25 lbs; Occasional to frequent standing & walking, Occasional sitting, Close eye work (computers, typing, reading, writing), Physical demands may vary depending on assigned work area and work tasks. ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS: Factors affecting environment conditions may vary depending on the assigned work area and tasks. Environmental exposures include, but are not limited to: Blood-borne pathogen exposure Bio-hazardous waste Chemicals/gases/fumes/vapors Communicable diseases Electrical shock, Floor Surfaces, Hot/Cold Temperatures, Indoor/Outdoor conditions, Latex, Lighting, Patient care/handling injuries, Radiation, Shift work, Travel may be required. Use of personal protective equipment, including respirators, environmental conditions may vary depending on assigned work area and work tasks. "
}