{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/RN-Orthopedics-Per-Diem-Days-Los-Alamitos-CA-US-Los-Alamitos-Medical-Center/b65ea49f-d6fa-410a-b077-355373d51990",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-orthopedics-per-diem-days-los-alamitos-ca-us-los-alamitos-medical-center/b65ea49f-d6fa-410a-b077-355373d51990"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "RN Orthopedics Per Diem Days job at Los Alamitos Medical Center | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "41BC6EBA2B33570F2E7B3E9DACBB0C8C",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-orthopedics-per-diem-days-los-alamitos-ca-us-los-alamitos-medical-center/b65ea49f-d6fa-410a-b077-355373d51990",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " RN Orthopedics Per Diem Days at Los Alamitos Medical Center Los Alamitos, CA   About the Job About Los Alamitos Medical Center The dedicated staff, highly-skilled physicians and surgeons, and advanced technology combine to make working at Los Alamitos Medical Center a personally-rewarding work environment. Nursing staff often hold advanced degrees, are dedicated to caring for others in both their personal and professional lives, and work side-by-side with talented colleagues and medical staff. The hospital has an advanced bi-plane catheterization lab, robot-assisted surgery capabilities, an Orthopedic Destination Center, and the radiation oncology physician services are provided by UCLA Health. Outpatient services are provided in a colorful patient setting in our Total Care Pavilion and there will soon be nurse navigators to assist orthopedic and cancer patients. The hospital s quality indicators reflect the hard work of physicians and staff. LAMC awards and distinctions include an A on the Leapfrog Hospital Safety Score, American Heart Association Get with the Guidelines Gold+ Performance Achievement Award for Heart Failure, American Stroke Association Get with the Guidelines Gold+ Performance Achievement Award for Stroke, American Stroke Association Target Stroke Honor Roll, and is a Joint Commission Advanced Primary Stroke Center. Los Alamitos Medical Center is a great place to work. There are more than 150 staff members who have been here over 20 years and the hospital has been in the community for nearly 50 years treating generations of families. We offer competitive salaries and benefits including a matching 401(k), several health & dental plans to choose from, generous tuition assistance plans, and relocation assistance for select positions. Position Summary This position is responsible for providing patient care in a safe and effective manner. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: delegation of tasks and duties to team members; synthesizing patient information; assessment and care appropriate to the age of the patients served, with appropriate nursing interventions; creating and updating the patient plan of care. Registered Nurse demonstrates excellent organization, interpersonal skills and excellent customer satisfaction to patients. The RN ensures that all physician orders are carried out appropriately. The Registered Nurse is an outgoing individual who relates well to patients and the care giver team. Patient and family education are provided by the Registered Nurse. Integration of patient care standards are incorporated into all clinical activities. #LI-TN Qualifications: Mandatory: Two years of acute care experience with orthopedic and spine nursing in Medical Surgical units. In lieu of experience, consideration will be made for staff with strong education and associated experiential background. Active California Registered Nurse license Current Healthcare Provider Basic Life Support Basic EKG Course or equivalent knowledge within first 90 days of employment as available Outgoing individual with strong communication skills who relates well to the patients and the care provider team Demonstrated ability to work within a team Preferred: Certificate in Orthopedic Nursing Job: Nursing Primary Location: Los Alamitos, California Facility: Los Alamitos Medical Center Job Type: PT2Y Shift Type: Days Employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant\u2019s or employee\u2019s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Tenet will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. "
}