{
    "Body": " Senior Data Analyst - IC 3 at Overstock.com, Inc. Midvale, UT ?? About the Job Job Summary Work within the Data Analytics team at Overstock and partner with marketing business owners to ensure a high level of data-driven decision making by extracting insights from customer and advertising data, design and analyze A/B tests, build statistical models to solve specific business problems and create reports, dashboards, presentations and visualizations. This highly visible and influential role will provide analytic and strategic support to Overstock.com\u2019s marketing teams while collaborating with other members of the broader analytics team. The data analyst will also be responsible for the creation of statistical models to predict customer behavior and performance of marketing initiatives, as well as for creating and measuring specific performance metrics. The ideal candidate has extensive experience manipulating and analyzing large data sets, the ability to view marketing problems and data from a financial, behavioral, and optimization perspectives, and possesses excellent interpersonal communication and problem-solving skills. The Data Analyst will mine data from the enterprise data warehouse and 3rd party tools to continuously improve marketing performance and return on investment. This role will constantly be asked to learn new data sources and new analytical tools, as well as provide recommendations to management. The Data Analyst will have the opportunity to work with a large array of data (sales, customer, behavioral, website, etc.), tools, and technologies (Teradata, Micro Strategy, Excel, RStudio, Python, Snowflake, Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Data Bricks, HIVE, HDFS, etc.). Job Responsibilities Exploratory Data Analysis Help define business metrics specific to the marketing channel including Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and associated measurement methodologies. Apply advanced analytics techniques (core statistical-modeling, data visualization, data mining) to extract actionable insights through analysis of large-scale, high-dimensional data. Work closely with business and development teams to understand business requirements and functional specifications. SQL Analysis/Business Intelligence/Data Integrations Work extensively with large amounts of marketing & customer data in doing data analytics and validation. Develop end-to-end analytics pipelines that can automate collection, cleaning, processing and visualization of data from distinct data environments such as SQL, Hadoop, Apache Spark by using a combination of tools such as R, Python and VBA. Develop and utilize knowledge of various CRM systems (Oracle, Salesforce, SAP etc.) and integrate them with internal systems to build comprehensive customer profiles, clusters and value groups. Work with data engineering and product teams to develop 3rd party API integrations with online ad platforms and CRM systems. A/B Testing and Experiment Design Lead design and execution of A/B tests by utilizing different digital testing methodologies such as geographic tests, randomized control trials, ghost ad tests, cookie-split tests etc. Develop power analysis for A/B tests and experiments to determine key test parameters such as required sample size, test length, estimated test cost etc. based on minimum detectable effect size. Collect, validate and communicate test results to business owners and senior leadership through reports, presentations, white papers etc. Develop deep understanding and subject matter expertise in the following areas Paid media channels, auction/bidding systems and advertising tools such as Google Search and Display Networks, Facebook, Pinterest, Criteo, DoubleClick etc. Digital brand channels (YouTube, Facebook, Open-web display) and TV advertising. CRM systems, email marketing campaigns, site promotions and product assortment processes and marketing automation systems. Statistical Model Development Develop and implement Customer Lifetime Value models, response probability models and product-recommendation models using a combination of the latest parametric and non-parametric methods. Build scalable and consumable statistical models utilizing big-data to improve marketing campaign efficiency. Utilize machine learning algorithms to build applications that can be consumed by different end user tools to help serve better content and experiences to customers. Leadership Responsibilities Mentoring analysts on technologies such as SQL, R, Microstrategy Serve as the bridge between the business and the analytics teams, to understand the business requirements and guide the teams to arrive at strategic data-driven decisions Ensure that best practices are followed and perform quality checks on analyses performed by analysts Lead collaboration with different teams to aid a rigorous approach of analyses Build business case analysis to support new initiatives and activities Job Requirements Required 3 years solid, relevant work experience or an advanced degree in a quantitative field Strong intellectual curiosity combined with a knack for recognizing correlations, trends, and statistical irregularities Experience with SQL and relational databases Strong understanding of marketing and financial concepts Strong understanding of foundational statistical concepts and methods Strong command of Microsoft Excel Preferred Familiarity with statistical data analysis tools (SAS, Python, R, etc) Familiarity with Online and Digital Marketing as well as Direct Marketing A/B & Multivariate testing Customer behavior/journey analysis & optimization Revenue attribution modeling Familiarity with Ads API services for different 3rd party platforms Advanced degree (MBA, MS in Analytics, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, etc.) or equivalent work experience Education \u200bAn undergraduate degree in related STEM fields required Master\u2019s degree in related STEM fields or equivalent work experience. Who We Are: Just a few minutes from Salt Lake City and Utah\u2019s ski slopes, Overstock is an original resident of \u201cSilicon Slopes\u201d, one of the fastest growing technology hubs in the country. We\u2019re a passionate group of??collaborative problem solvers and creative innovators, working on cutting-edge technology.??From building award-winning retail applications (with amazing AR functionality) to creating leading blockchain and machine learning technologies, each of us embodies a unique value and contributes a diverse perspective to the team. What We Offer:???? 401k (6% match) Flexible Schedules Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership Development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Overstock Women's Network (OWN) And More\u2026 *Benefits vary based on position, tenure, location, and employee election Physical Requirements: This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity: It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202f This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Back to??Overstock Careers ", 
    "CompanyName": "Overstock.com, Inc.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "428164A9ACF8BA725835ADF76EE7A170", 
    "KeyTerms": "algorithms, python, visualization, data analytics, analytical, financial, advertising, machine learning, business intelligence, sql, data science, spark, collaboration, hadoop, intellectual curiosity", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Midvale, Utah, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Data-Analyst-IC-3-Midvale-UT-US-Overstock.com-Inc./b36835f1-0a1d-4eaf-9bf4-50b2536bb975", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-data-analyst-ic-3-midvale-ut-us-overstock-com-inc/b36835f1-0a1d-4eaf-9bf4-50b2536bb975", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-data-analyst-ic-3-midvale-ut-us-overstock-com-inc/http%3A%2F%2Finvestors.overstock.com%2Fmobile.view%3Fc%3D131091%26v%3D203%26d%3D1%26id%3D2338949", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-data-analyst-ic-3-midvale-ut-us-overstock-com-inc/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.overstock.com%2Fcareers", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-data-analyst-ic-3-midvale-ut-us-overstock-com-inc/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.forbes.com%2Fsites%2Famyfeldman%2F2017%2F04%2F03%2Fsilicon-slopes-vs-silicon-valley-four-tech-unicorns-thousands-of-startups-no-frenzy%2F%236b44dfb73922"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20spark", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20spark", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Data Analyst - IC 3 job at Overstock.com, Inc. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-data-analyst-ic-3-midvale-ut-us-overstock-com-inc/b36835f1-0a1d-4eaf-9bf4-50b2536bb975"
}
