{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Histology-Supervisor-Springfield-IL-US-Memorial-Health/dc5ca154-7a31-43ef-ba06-2fa56f531b42",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/histology-supervisor-springfield-il-us-memorial-health/dc5ca154-7a31-43ef-ba06-2fa56f531b42"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Histology Supervisor job at Memorial Health | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "48482F3584ADE3416C36B13021DC3A09",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/histology-supervisor-springfield-il-us-memorial-health/dc5ca154-7a31-43ef-ba06-2fa56f531b42",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Histology Supervisor at Memorial Health Springfield, IL 62777   About the Job Overview Manages all activities in multiple areas of responsibility concentrating on both organizational and financial operation of the departments; to participate in testing procedures on patients of all ages; and to resolve problems specific to broad based division function. Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in Biology, Chemistry or related field required. Licensure/Certification/Registry: HT (ASCP) certification required. HTL (ASCP) certification required within one year of hire. Experience: Five years' experience as a Histotechnician required. One year of supervisory/demonstrated leadership experience preferred. Other Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Good verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Responsibilities Maintains a basic working knowledge of all areas of the MHS pathology laboratory including grossing and autopsy. Schedules workload of department to ensure adequate coverage for daily activity and on call. Manages the scheduling of days off, holiday's and vacation for employees. Evaluates, makes recommendations for pay adjustments, interview, manage staff behavior/dispute and, where necessary, recommends disciplinary action for supervised employees. Reviews labor distribution reports, monthly variance reports, monthly operating statements, account activity detail and other management reports, making necessary adjustments in section operations to ensure positive budget variance for their division. Reviews Histology billing and correct errors as needed. Assists in the preparation of yearly division/departmental budget. Reviews procedures in the division on a yearly basis to ensure completeness and conformity with applicable standards, especially CAP requirements. Prepares Laboratory and personnel for CAP inspections. Directs the evaluation and set up new procedures, equipment and instrumentation. Serves as a System manager (or ability to become one) of pathology computer system. Tests patient samples, quality control materials and other specimens to aid physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of patient conditions. Orders and prepares reagents, supplies and materials utilized in the department(s), supervise or delegate such responsibilities. Sets up schedule of preventative maintenance for calibration and repairs of instrument and test equipment Troubleshoots equipment and procedures as needed to assure patient safety through effective accurate testing Conserves hospital resources by using equipment and supplies as needed to perform job duties. Contributes to departmental operations by performing other related duties as may be required and/or assigned. Contributes to effective customer relations by assisting patients, visitors, physicians and any other departments or outside parties to resolve expressed concerns, and by demonstrating a welcoming and helpful attitude Conforms to Memorial Medical Center strategic plan and Behavioral Standards. Supports the Mission, Vision and Values of Memorial Medical Center and strive to provide the most cost effective, accurate, and timely patient testing possible within their ability to impact workflow and decision making. Performs other related work as required or requested. The intent of this job description is to provide a representative summary of the major duties and responsibilities performed by incumbents of this job. Incumbents may be requested to perform tasks other than those specifically presented in this description. "
}