{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-31",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Software-Development-Engineer-in-Test-Blockchain-Cambridge-MA-US-Akamai-Technologies-Inc./2cf9cf98-9a74-4f2e-a9da-547f68fcbdf4",
        "https://www.monster.com/",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-software-development-engineer-in-test-blockchain-cambridge-ma-us-akamai-technologies-inc/2cf9cf98-9a74-4f2e-a9da-547f68fcbdf4",
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/",
        "https://www.monster.com/company/profiles/akamai-technologies-akamai"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Software Development Engineer in Test - Blockchain job at Akamai Technologies, Inc. | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "4AB58BAAD058E2B5D259C498D978B377",
    "Body": " Senior Software Development Engineer in Test - Blockchain at Akamai Technologies Cambridge, MA 02140 ? About the Job Senior Software Development Engineer in Test - Blockchain Cambridge, United States Software Engineering Nov 26, 2019 Post Date 019489 Requisition # Overview We are seeking a talented Senior Software Development Engineer in Test with proven distributed systems experience and automation skills to work with the engineering and quality teams to build system-level test automation and execute automated and manual tests. An ideal candidate will have distributed system testing experience, strong analytical abilities, excellent teamwork and communication skills, and the ability to design, implement, maintain and extend effective system test automation solutions. As a Senior Software Development Engineer in Test you will be an integral part of a team working to strategically apply blockchain technologies to new and innovative business areas, resulting in high-throughput transaction systems at global scale. If you want to work on extremely challenging technology problems of global scale, then this is the role for you. As a Senior Software Development Engineer in Test you will be responsible for: Designing full system tests to verify functionality of Akamais distributed ledger technology, supporting the deployment of a global blockchain system supporting a high volume of transactions. Working closely with engineering teams to design, develop, implement and improve test methodologies, test plans and highly effective test automation. Creating, deploying and maintaining automated system tests to replicate real-world scenarios on a large-scale distributed test network. Formulating test plans based on functional requirements, system design and defect analysis. Working collaboratively with a cross-discipline team in a fast-paced, agile environment. About the Team Akamai Labs is expanding its team with a mission to strategically apply blockchain technology to business requirements for a highly available, high throughput, highly secure transaction system. Qualifications Required Education and Experience Applicants must meet one of the following education and experience requirements: 5 years of relevant experience and BA/BS in Computer Science/Engineering or other technical discipline or 3 years of relevant experience and a MS in Computer Science/Engineering or other technical discipline Required Skills 5+ years of Linux software development experience 5+ years of experience programming in Go, Python, and/or C/C+* 5+ years experience working with Linux shells, utilities and system configuration 5+ years of exposure to networking protocols, debugging and configuration 1+ years of experience with Linux container technologies such as LXC, Docker, Kubernetes, or Mesos 1+ years experience with at least one configuration management tool like Ansible or Puppet 1+ years experience with CI/CD servers (Jenkins) and artifact management (Artifactory) Desired Skills Experience with distributed systems, client/server systems Experience in banking and financial transactions Experience with Internet security, firewalls, or Linux iptables Experience testing REST based API interfaces Experience in performance test and benchmarking concepts Experience developing and maintaining automated test scripts, libraries, or frameworks Great command in different QA Methodologies (black-box, white-box and gray-box) Strong problem solving/troubleshooting skills Highly responsible, self-disciplined, self-managed, self-motivated, able to work with little or no supervision. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. About Akamai Technologies Akamai secures and delivers digital experiences for the world's largest companies. Akamai's intelligent edge platform surrounds everything, from the enterprise to the cloud, so customers and their businesses can be fast, smart, and secure. Top brands globally rely on Akamai to help them realize competitive advantage through agile solutions that extend the power of their multi-cloud architectures. Akamai keeps decisions, apps and experiences closer to users than anyone - and attacks and threats far away. Akamai's portfolio of edge security, web and mobile performance, enterprise access and video delivery solutions is supported by unmatched customer service, analytics and 24/7/365 monitoring. To learn how Akamai is shaping the future of digital transformation, visitwww.akamai.comand follow @AkamaiCareers onTwitter,Facebook,LinkedInandInstagram. Akamai is a growing, and evolving, company with offices and operations around the world. As such, we strive to foster inclusive and representative workplaces where all employees are wholly welcome, and enabled to share and benefit from each others diverse contributions, as one global team. Our commitment to diversity reaches beyond our corporate offices, to our business partners and suppliers who share the same principles, and whose employees we value as integral to the Akamai business family. Learn more atwww.akamai.com/diversity. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. If you'd like more information about EEO rights under United States law, please clickhere. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. ",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-software-development-engineer-in-test-blockchain-cambridge-ma-us-akamai-technologies-inc/2cf9cf98-9a74-4f2e-a9da-547f68fcbdf4"
}