{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20.net",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Microsoft-Dynamics-CRM-Software-Developer-BATON-ROUGE-LA-US-IBM/27992ffa-c1d5-487c-afed-ae856b8b354b",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/microsoft-dynamics-crm-software-developer-baton-rouge-la-us-ibm/27992ffa-c1d5-487c-afed-ae856b8b354b"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20.net",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Microsoft Dynamics CRM Software Developer job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "4F353AA45CE775C972D8172AC309B522",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/microsoft-dynamics-crm-software-developer-baton-rouge-la-us-ibm/27992ffa-c1d5-487c-afed-ae856b8b354b",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Microsoft Dynamics CRM Software Developer at IBM BATON ROUGE, LA   About the Job Introduction The world is at a major turning point: technology is enabling entirely new forms of business operations, business models, industries and outcomes. We have exponentially more power to reach the full potential of our life's work than any humans before us. Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. A successful Microsoft Dynamics CRM Developer candidate will have good attention to detail, troubleshooting skills, the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and the ability to work on their own as well as within a small team. Candidates should demonstrate willingness to go the extra mile for the team's success. They will be a leader, problem solver, creative thinker, and interested in learning their clients' business. This position is an excellent opportunity for a technology professional with a strong background in small to mid-market custom applications to grow into and eventually assume a leadership role in our Technology Consulting - Application Development and Integration practice. This position will be asked to utilize knowledge of Microsoft .NET, C#, and other Microsoft Stack languages and tools to design, develop, and integrate with our clients\u2019 new and existing systems, as well as provide application support and training. This position should be able to discuss highly technical topics with clients in an easy-to-understand way. In addition, this position will contribute to the growth of our practice by recognizing and responding to market opportunities and client needs. Successful candidates for these positions will work onsite at the IBM Client Innovation Center in Baton Rouge. The IBM Client Innovation Center is an in-bound delivery model where we support our clients from our Baton Rouge center. However, some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs across the US. Travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site (Monday thru Friday). You are expected to travel up to 50% of the time. This is a traditional office position. You must live in, or be willing to relocate to, Louisiana. The work location is 100 North Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802. This is not a work from home position. BENEFITS Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. CAREER GROWTH Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee\u2019s strengths and career aspirations Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation In 2015, Go Organic filled approximately 50% of our open positions with internal talent that were promoted into the role. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! + http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html + http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 3+ years of experience in developing .Net applications + 3+ years of experience with design, code, test, debug, document MS Dynamics CRM applications in an Agile environment. + Experience with backlog grooming, sprint management and source control using tools such as Rational Tools Suite, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Github. + 3+ years experience with C#, JavaScript, .NET. + Experience with Web API development and plugins + Strong verbal and written communication skills. + Must be able to secure a security clearance. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + An MS Dynamics CRM certification + 4+ years of Unified Service Desk (USD) development experience + 5+ years of MS Dynamics CRM 2015/2016 customization development with extensions + Understanding of Authentication mechanisms and secure environment programing + 3+ years\u2019 experience with an agile methodology such as Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, eXtreme programming + 2+ years\u2019 experience with Web API development and plugins About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter business by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM Client Innovation Center: Baton Rouge IBM is proud to partner with the State of Louisiana to continue to create jobs and opportunities in the technology sector - Jobs and Opportunities that provide IBM\u2019s clients with services to address the ever-increasing demand for flexible software services. About IBM The Opportunity We\u2019re seeking forward-thinking innovators that hunger for continuous learning and are motivated by making a positive impact on the world. Innovators that are driven by making the world more instrumented, interconnected and intelligent. We welcome the opportunity to embrace your talents and be part of our IBM family while learning on-the-job and building in-demand skills. We encourage taking on challenging project work \u2013 designing, building and supporting technical solutions for some of the world\u2019s leading companies. Depending upon the project, you could find yourself developing advanced skills in technologies such as Java, SAP, Oracle, Big Data, Blockchain, among others. Whether you have an interest in Analytics, Enterprise Applications, Interactive Experience & Mobile, or Application Development, the Baton Rouge Client Innovation Center has an opportunity for you! Translate your expertise into a rewarding career. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. "
}