{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20besu24",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Registered-Respiratory-Therapist-Taylorville-IL-US-Memorial-Health/629bc12b-9dad-4aec-9d91-acb38f2beae0",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/registered-respiratory-therapist-taylorville-il-us-memorial-health/629bc12b-9dad-4aec-9d91-acb38f2beae0"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20besu24",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Registered Respiratory Therapist job at Memorial Health | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "567EA3EE8C84F693FE6CE6EED3A86434",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/registered-respiratory-therapist-taylorville-il-us-memorial-health/629bc12b-9dad-4aec-9d91-acb38f2beae0",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Registered Respiratory Therapist at Memorial Health Taylorville, IL 62568   About the Job Overview Initiate, maintain and continue basic and intensive respiratory therapy equipment and techniques in the administration of prescribed procedures to patients of all ages with cardiopulmonary disorders. Qualifications Education: Graduate of approved AMA School of Respiratory Therapy required. Licensure/Certification/Registry: Registered by the National Board for Respiratory Therapy required. Licensed by the Illinois Department of Professional Regulations as a Respiratory Care Practitioner required within 90 days of hire. Current BLS and ACLS required. Other Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Excellent interpersonal skills and customer service skills required. Responsibilities Measures and administers prescribed medications to patients of all ages (oxygen and aerosolized medications, etc). In addition to the following therapy: humidity and aerosol, chest physical therapy, incentive spirometry, pulse oximetry, and metered dose inhalers, etc. Records procedures and patient responses on appropriate departmental paperwork and requisitions. Completes verbal report on patients to ensure continuity of care. Assists physician in performing bronchoscopy. Maintains all supplies, monitors patients, and sterilizes the equipment, resetting up for the next procedure. Performs all duties in the Cardiology department. Performs and educates the patients of the Pulmonary Rehab program in all aspects of their disease and management of their symptoms. Maintains the ability to perform Pulmonary Function studies on all types of patients. Performs cleaning and sterilization of equipment, reporting malfunctioning equipment to manager. Utilize proper infection control practices in accordance with hospital and departmental policy. Initiate hospital policy regarding employee/patient incident reports. Perform patient rounds in accordance with departmental policy and documents such to ensure appropriate settings for the patient and to ensure emergency supplies are available when needed. Evaluates patients' condition and response to therapy reporting any adverse reactions to the nurse and/or physician. Provide additional information to the physician regarding effectiveness of the therapy and contacting the physician if necessary to request order changes to aid in the patient's recovery. Maintain ability to provide continuous ventilatory support for patients. Perform procedures under extreme stress in the event of a trauma patient of any age. Participate in continuing education, meeting requirements for all mandatory inservices. Promotes health and safety in the work environment. Actively participates in competency assessment process. Perform other duties as assigned by manager. "
}