{
    "Body": " Watson Health Services - Blockchain Engineer at IBM Austin, TX ?? About the Job Introduction Are you a pioneer? An \u201cintrapreneur\u201d? Do you like building businesses from the ground up? Are you passionate about Healthcare and want to change how it is delivered today? Are disruptive technologies like AI, Blockchain and Quantum interesting to you? Do you want to run fast and break things?If so, we have an opportunity for you! We are on a journey to build a services practice within IBM Watson Health. Our mission is to bring create a services team that has the clarity, focus, empathy and industry expertise needed to shape the transformative journey with our most important clients. We will do that with the incredible products, data sets and platforms across IBM Watson Health and IBM. This is a new venture that has a startup\u2019s mentality with the support of the IBM enterprise behind it. Health transformation, like digital transformation, requires a balance of technology, people, innovation, and disruption to meet its ambitious goals. Watson Health Services brings those capabilities, our world-class platform, and broad partner ecosystem to some of the most impactful efforts in the Health industry. Our team needs those with intellectual curiosity, desire, ambition and fortitude to help lead these efforts at some of the most prestigious health organizations in the world. Come join our team! Your Role and Responsibilities As a Blockchain Engineer you\u2019ll work as part of a client delivery team of problem solvers with extensive healthcare and consulting experience, helping our clients transform their business with the power of IBM Watson Health platform. You will be focused on creating applications and services that interface with public, private and permissioned blockchains, These blockchain features will be needed to achieve the strategic transformation plan, case for change and approach to get there from start to finish. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to: \u2022 Being the client facing lead on the IBM Hyperledger Fabric and IBM Chain code components \u2022 Designing, developing and implementing system and application architecture components that support the creation, transfer, and storage of digital assets \u2022 Building solutions that can interface with a variety of blockchain consensus mechanisms such proof of work, proof of stake, and delegated byzantine fault tolerance \u2022 Developing and implementing software modules which integrate with various on and off chain systems \u2022 Where needed, design and develop RESTful APIs and web services. \u2022 Having proficiency beyond blockchain in additional technologies and languages such as SQL and NoSQL databases, programming languages such as Ruby, Python, Java, Node.js, server-side JavaScript \u2022 Being active in the product / offering management lifecycle to help shape the next generation of IBM Watson Health products, data sets and platform \u2022 Establishing a deep internal network across IBM Watson Health and IBM Required Technical and Professional Expertise + Expertise in the area of Blockchain Engineering + 3+ years experience with the following: Ruby, Python, Java, Node.js, sever side JavaScript + 3+ years experience with RESTful APIs and Webservices + Experience working in an agile, collaborative environment across software architecture Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise \u2022 Understanding of both front-end and back end concerns, while specializing in back-end. \u2022 Understanding of user and system requirements \u2022 Understanding of Object Oriented Programming, multi-threading and concurrency \u2022 Ability to plan, analyze, design, and constructing databases \u2022 Ability to develop structured query language (SQL) queries, back-end database stored procedures, or NoSQL queries. About Business Unit IBM Watson Health is a mission driven organization focused on leading the transformation of health around the world by applying next-generation technologies, such as data, analytics, AI, hybrid cloud, and automation,to address the most pressing health challenges globally. Leveraging the power of IBM\u2019s Cloud and AI platforms, Watson Health partners with the greatest minds in the healthcare world in life sciences, health plans and tech \u2013to research, develop, train and test globally impactful technologies. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "56B4A7E8E2E7BE11EE8EF99B62CDEA73", 
    "KeyTerms": "nodejs, artificial intelligence, sql, cloud, java, disruptive, disruptive technologies, object oriented programming, health care, python, hyperledger, data analytics, digital asset, permissioned, object oriented, proof of work, health organizations, proof of stake, off-chain, javascript, nosql, ruby, consensus, back end, restful apis, clarity, fabric, collaboration, compliance, health industry, agile, intellectual curiosity", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Watson-Health-Services-Blockchain-Engineer-Austin-TX-US-IBM/0f33bb05-ee19-41f2-8f6e-8fb6d8af222e", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/watson-health-services-blockchain-engineer-austin-tx-us-ibm/0f33bb05-ee19-41f2-8f6e-8fb6d8af222e"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "proof of stake", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Watson Health Services - Blockchain Engineer job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/watson-health-services-blockchain-engineer-austin-tx-us-ibm/0f33bb05-ee19-41f2-8f6e-8fb6d8af222e"
}
