{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Radome-RF-Design-Engineer-Marion-VA-US-PWW-Recruiting-LLC./77755324-b9e1-4f02-bf89-43734c1734bb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-radome-rf-design-engineer-marion-va-us-pww-recruiting-llc/77755324-b9e1-4f02-bf89-43734c1734bb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=77755324-b9e1-4f02-bf89-43734c1734bb"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Radome RF Design Engineer job at PWW Recruiting, LLC. | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "588141414A94B6D0A7F2815B18F48E4B",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-radome-rf-design-engineer-marion-va-us-pww-recruiting-llc/77755324-b9e1-4f02-bf89-43734c1734bb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Senior Radome RF Design Engineer at PWW Recruiting, LLC. Marion, VA 24354   About the Job BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor\u2019s degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.   CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: Department of Defense Secret security clearance is preferred at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.   JOB DESCRIPTION: Imagine a world-class engineering environment. Now add a team of exceptional talent along with technologies that are so advanced they\u2019re often classified. Here you\u2019ll lead amazing engineers as they invent the technologies, products and services that help our service members, intelligence analysts and first responders keep our nation safe. We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers\u2019 missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.   Immediate opening for an Electrical Design Engineer (RF). This position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation\u2019s core defense/intelligence services and systems. Employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions.   REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS: Performs design and development in such areas as electrical, electromagnetic, electromechanical and software for production, transmission, measurement, and use of systems, instruments and controls Leads the development of strategic tasks or small projects by applying engineering and organizational knowledge and expertise to achieve technical goals Understands and interprets the technical, organizational and process aspects of the tasks assigned and can relate them to the technical needs of the overall project or organization Plans and executes small projects or task elements within larger projects, organizations, or for groups of projects Responsible for the completion of assigned engineering tasks or small projects within budgetary and scheduling guidelines Actively uncovers technical and organizational risks and ensures they are included in risk mitigation plans Participates in development of program strategies and teaming strategies as they relate to the assigned task Participates in the proposal process Participates in feasibility studies and testing on new and modified designs Carries out other tasks, not listed, assigned by supervisor Travel will be required.   SPECIFIC DUTIES AND TASKS: Assist with legacy radome system production and testing Assist with proposal development, specification negotiation, radome design and radome performance analysis for new projects in areas of RF performance, lightning protection and low observables Provide expertise in addressing production problems and repairs Develop test plans, procedures and data processing tools for radome testing Technical writing for formal engineering reports including qualification and acceptance reports Develop and present radome design, performance and test data for customer reviews Participate in radome qualification testing.   KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES: A strong background in mathematics and statistics Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python The ability to carry out analysis of systems, particularly radar and communication systems.   PREFERRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows Experience with programming of motion control systems and / or microwave test equipment Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers An understanding of statistical methods in process control Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs PREFERRED DEGREE TYPES AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor\u2019s degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics. Master's Degree is preferred. Design or test experience with antennas and/or radomes.   LOCATIONS: The successful candidate will join the team of engineering professionals in our Composite Solutions facility in Marion, Virginia. This position offers the flexibility to work out of the Offices located in the Virginia Tech Corporate Research Center COgro facility in Blacksburg, Virginia.   Attractions in Southwest Virginia Southwest Virginia offers scenic parks, recreation trails, historic towns, rich arts and culture, and numerous opportunities for outdoor activities and adventures. Parks including Grayson Highlands State Park which provides access to the Appalachian Trail and the Virginia Highlands Horse Trail. The Hungry Mother State Park just outside the town of Marion offers a 108-acre lake, fishing, beach, campgrounds, and hiking trails. The Virginia Creeper Trail which runs 34.3 miles from historic Abingdon to Whitetop Station, near the North Carolina border. Numerous horseback trails that provide access to some of Southwest Virginia\u2019s most stunning high country, including 200 miles of equestrian trails in the Mount Rogers National Recreation Area, the 68-mile Virginia Highlands Horse Trail, and nearly 10 miles of riding trails in Grayson Highlands State Park (with overnight facilities for campers with horses). The Barter Theatre in Abingdon, VA and the Lincoln Theatre in Marion, VA. Birthplace of Country Music Museum in Bristol, VA. "
}