{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20clarity",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Lead-Healthcare-Consulting-Architect-Provider-Payer-Atlanta-GA-US-IBM/da96a01d-f48e-455d-9039-8ccac4199b39",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/lead-healthcare-consulting-architect-provider-payer-atlanta-ga-us-ibm/da96a01d-f48e-455d-9039-8ccac4199b39"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20clarity",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Lead Healthcare Consulting Architect - Provider/Payer job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "5BAA14524BED4FA8D1D3BEB4508926EF",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/lead-healthcare-consulting-architect-provider-payer-atlanta-ga-us-ibm/da96a01d-f48e-455d-9039-8ccac4199b39",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Lead Healthcare Consulting Architect - Provider/Payer at IBM Atlanta, GA   About the Job Introduction We are on a journey to build a healthcare services practice that has the clarity, focus, empathy and industry expertise needed to shape the future with our most important healthcare clients. Transforming an industry requires a balance of passionate people, cutting-edge technology and innovative solutions. We\u2019re building our Watson Health Consulting team to compliment the incredible products, data sets and platforms across IBM Watson Health and IBM and are ready to solve the most pressing issues facing the healthcare industry today. As a new group inside IBM, we have the mentality, flexibility and agility of a startup and the support of the IBM enterprise and a broad partner ecosystem behind us. We\u2019re looking for individuals with deep knowledge of the healthcare arena so we can provide comprehensive services and solutions to some of the most prestigious health organizations in the world. If you\u2019re passionate about solving complex healthcare problems with proven technology and have the curiosity to think beyond the standard, then we can tackle big things together. Your Role and Responsibilities As Lead Healthcare Consulting Architect you will be responsible for designing the next generation solutions for IBM Watson Health Consulting clients. As a key member of the WH Services team, fulfilling this role will require working with key members of the WH Services and IBM teams to help healthcare clients define and progress their journey, through areas such as: Cloud Architecture and Technology, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows and Organization Change, Methodologies such as the Garage Method, Data Science and Governance, Emerging Innovation such as AI and Machine Learning. As Senior Lead Healthcare Architect you will be working with a multi-disciplinary team of client and project resources to define, develop and deliver complex solutions. The Lead Healthcare Consulting Architect will lead day to day solutioning and client engagement, in addition to supporting sales efforts. The role has responsibility, potentially across multiple teams, for design and delivery across target technical elements \u2013conceptual and logical architecture, App modernization, Data, Anlytics, Blockchain, AI, Data integration, Interoperability, Automation, and Cloud Paks. The dynamic, startup culture of Watson Health Services reflects the agility that IBM must exhibit in the fast-changing world our clients experience in their business and the fierce competitive and innovative environment. You will work with strategy consultants, cloud architects, developers, agile managers to design or develop reusable assets to support our client\u2019s journey, optimizing their performance, engaging their patients-consumers, enabling effective care and manage population health Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 5+ years\u2019 experience in architecture consulting\u20223+ years\u2019 experience in healthcare consulting + Experience with Enterprise Analytics for Healthcare + Experience working ina multi-disciplinary team of client and project resources to define, develop and deliver complex solutions + Experience developing and delivering presentations and deliverables to clients + Experience with healthcare data privacy and security architectural considerations + Experience with end-to-end integration efforts across Clinical decision support systems and health informatics, Telehealth, EHR / EMR Implementation, i.e., EPIC and Cerner, Imaging, Claims Management, Health Information Exchange (HIE) systems,HIPAA compliance, Cloud Paks,Blockchain + Experience with RWE data and analytics integration Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + 5+ years\u2019 experience in healthcare consulting + 2+ years\u2019 experience with Red Hat, cloud-based solutions, data and analytic models, big data and AI capabilities + Experience with IBM Garage method or similar methods + Experience building with IBM Cloud Pak for Data, IBM Cloud Pak for Integration + Experience in system migration to the cloud + Experience with cloud development platforms from multiple cloud vendors (AWS, Azure, IBM Cloud, and/or Google Cloud) + Experience leading teams and working closely with Senior Strategic Healthcare Consultants + Experience leading and working in a multi-disciplinary team of client and project resources to define, develop and deliver complex solutions + Experience implementing healthcare interoperability standards like HL7, FHIR, XDS, DICOM, etc. + Experience developing and delivering presentations and deliverables to stakeholders in business, IT and C-Level executives + Experience developing or supporting privacy and security assessments About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. "
}