{
    "Body": " Wholesale Payments- Interbank Information Network (IIN), Platform as a Service, Senior Product Lead-Executive Director at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Tampa, FL 33601 ???????????? About the Job Wholesale Payments J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments is one of the world's largest, most trusted and innovative full-service providers of domestic and international cash management, liquidity, commercial card, merchant acquiring and processing FX and escrow solutions. With more than 135,000 corporations, financial institutions, public sector agencies and non-government clients in over 180 countries across the globe, we offer specialized solutions that provide operating efficiencies and value beyond other standardized solutions available in the market Interbank Information Network (IIN) J.P.Morgan is leading the market with the rollout of a robust pipeline of innovations, beginning with the launch of IIN. IIN, launched as a pilot in 2017 , minimizes friction in the global payments process, enabling payments to reach beneficiaries faster and with fewer steps. Using blockchain technology, IIN reduces the time correspondent banks currently spend responding to compliance and other data-related inquiries that delay payments. IIN is powered by Quorum????????????, a permissioned-variant of the Ethereum blockchain, developed by J.P. Morgan. The Information Network (IINSM) is the first live blockchain service offered by J.P. Morgan. Position Overview Reporting to the Platform as a Service Product Lead and IIN Operations and Service Lead, the manager will be responsible for the Platform as a Service product strategy by delivering on key products and services for the payments business. The products developed will be used by the global financial institutions and corporations executing payments and will focus on streamlining the client experience while reducing operational costs and risks within the current model. The ideal candidate will be process-disciplined and have the ability to see the 'big picture' and think strategically as we grow the business. The manager will have a unique blend of client centric and product experience. In addition, this individual will be high energy and self-directed with an ability to collaborate across a diverse set of stakeholders. Owns the definition, design and execution products as a service related to payments Develop, document and communicate product requirements with technology partners Solid track record of success in leading large-scale initiatives across various internal teams with a strong technology focus Able to incorporate client journeys and experiences into product design and requirements This is an opportunity to be a part of start-up like environment within a top financial services company where you will have the ability to shape and transform the role as the business evolves . Creative problem solver, capable of developing innovative and differentiated solutions while clearly articulating strategy to senior company leadership. Strong technical acumen - experience with new technologies including block chain and APIs a plus. Energetic, motivated, self-starter, with an entrepreneurial approach and an eye for detail and the ability to manage through ambiguity. Passionate about the payments industry with proven leadership, communication and prioritization skills Works well within a dynamic and ambiguous environment and under pressure. Able to grasp new technologies, market landscape, industry trends and regulatory implications Experience in leading a cross functional delivery team and commanding strong influencing skills across business partners (sales, technology, operations, service, risk, compliance, legal) 10+ years of product management experience within payments, accounting or financial series with experience developing from concept to production Bachelor degree required: MS or MBA preferred Proven experience collaborating with partners. Comfortable managing across internal groups and external vendors. Demonstrated leadership skills. Self-starter and execution oriented. Ability to take initiative and influence. Resourceful/able to navigate organization. Strong project management, process orientation and prioritization skills. Ability to ramp up on new assignments quickly with limited direction in an ever changing environment. . Proven analytical skills. Evidence working with and interpreting data, synthesizing information, presenting results, and creative problem solving. Proven ability to create concise, focused work product. Strong Excel and Powerpoint skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Proven ability to communicate complex information in a clear, focused manner. Keen ability to break complex issues into communicable parts. Ability to interact effectively and achieve credibility with varying levels including management. A strong/confident voice at the table. Wholesale banking experience a plus, in particular in the Payments industry. Vendor management and/or management consulting a plus. Experience working in an innovative, start-up or agile environment a plus. Locations: Tampa (preferred) Some travel required. JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans ", 
    "CompanyName": "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "61BFC4037DA3371E2AFD1B2B217B1062", 
    "KeyTerms": "ethereum, analytical, financial, compliance, asset management, agile, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Tampa, Florida, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Wholesale-Payments-Interbank-Information-Network-IIN-Platform-as-a-Service-Senior-Product-Lead-Executive-Director-Tampa-FL-US-JPMorgan-Chase-Bank-N.A./e47e8094-8e43-43cb-b531-b6f2e1f52814", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-as-a-service-senior-product-lead-executive-director-tampa-fl-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/e47e8094-8e43-43cb-b531-b6f2e1f52814", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-as-a-service-senior-product-lead-executive-director-tampa-fl-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3D0332b687487fabdc658386449361d35a"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Wholesale Payments- Interbank Information Network (IIN), Platform as a Service, Senior Product Lead-Executive Director job at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-as-a-service-senior-product-lead-executive-director-tampa-fl-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/e47e8094-8e43-43cb-b531-b6f2e1f52814"
}
