{
    "Body": " Senior Product Manager - Blockchain at Splunk San Jose, CA ???????????? About the Job Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we\u2019re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other\u2019s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: Do you have a passion for Blockchain and desire to work at a high growth company? Do you enjoy working in a startup but want to launch a product with a huge community of customers? In this position you will work at the intersection of distributed systems and Big Data on a small team building solutions for many customers. At Splunk, we invest heavily in innovation, and are currently seeking a Product Manager for our Blockchain and DLT team to join a smart, tight-knit team. About You: You have been working in the DLT space and realize the potential of this technology and Big Data. The ideal candidate will be able to use their creativity and expertise to lead the creation of robust, high-performing solutions and participate constructively in requirements analysis, as well as, design discussions. You will collaborate with a team of engineers, QA, UX and customers to create groundbreaking solutions. Responsibilities: As with any fast-growing company, day-to-day responsibilities will span the entire product management lifecycle and include deep interaction with customers, sales, and engineering. + Responsible for the \"whole\" product experience + Engage with customers, develop insights into what is possible, and uncover unarticulated customer needs + Define product requirements based on customers needs, market and technology trends + Create product roadmaps + Collaborate with engineering, QA, support and field teams to drive successful product release and adoption + Collaborate with product marketing to support creation of customer driven messaging and content Requirements: + Experience with Distributed Ledger Technologies such as Ethereum/Quorum, Hyperledger frameworks + Can learn new technologies quickly and understand a wide variety of technical challenges to be solved + 3-5 years of experience in product management + Experience as a Product Manager with data systems and technologies + Strong knowledge of data high-availability, scaling and performance + Strong analytical capabilities and data driven product decision-making mindset + Strong communication skills, verbal and written Desired skills & experience: + Worked with popular big data analysis platforms (Hadoop, Spark, Splunk, etc) + Operated distributed applications such as Kafka, Redis, Cassandra + Developed solutions within cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure etc) + Developed solutions within container orchestration systems (Google Container Engine, Docker, Kubernetes) Education: + Bachelors, Masters or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline. Or equivalent practical experience. What We Offer You The opportunity to work on game changing, cross industry multi-party computation technology. + A set of extraordinarily talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support. + Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation. + A stable, fun, and supportive work environment. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. About Splunk Splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. Machine data is one of the fastest growing and most complex areas of big data\u2014generated by every component of IT infrastructures, applications, mobile phone location data, website clickstreams, social data, sensors, RFID and much more. Splunk is focused specifically on the challenges and opportunity of taking massive amounts of machine data, and providing powerful insights from that data. IT insights. Security insights. Business insights. It\u2019s what we call Operational Intelligence. Since shipping its software in 2006, Splunk now has over 13,000 customers in more than 110 countries around the world. These organizations are using Splunk to harness the power of their machine data to deepen business and customer understanding, mitigate cybersecurity risk, prevent fraud, improve service performance and reduce costs. Innovation is in our DNA \u2013 from technology to the way we do business. Splunk is the platform for Operational Intelligence! Splunk has more than 2,700 global employees, with headquarters in San Francisco, an office in San Jose, CA and regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong. We\u2019ve built a phenomenal foundation for success with a proven leadership team, highly passionate employees and unique patented software. We invite you to help us continue our drive to define a new industry and become part of an innovative, and disruptive software company. Benefits & Perks: Wow! This is really cool! SF Only Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO, sick leave, stocked micro kitchens in Splunk offices, catered lunches on Mondays, catered breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ\u2019s, soccer, \u201cFun Fridays\u201d. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Non SF Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO and sick leave. Our work environments vary by location however we believe in hosting amenities and fun activities to fuel our energy. You may find fully stocked micro kitchens, catered lunches on Mondays and breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ\u2019s, soccer and \u201cFun Fridays\u201d. This isn\u2019t a job \u2013 it\u2019s a life changer \u2013 are you ready? Individuals seeking employment at Splunk are considered without regards to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition (except where physical fitness is a valid occupational qualification), genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. Click here to review the US Department of Labor\u2019s EEO is The Law notice. Please click here to review Splunk\u2019s Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Splunk does not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Please click here to review Splunk\u2019s Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. Splunk is also committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information from our website. Any individual using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, Braille reader, etc.) who experiences difficulty accessing information on any part of Splunk\u2019s website should send comments to accessiblecareers@splunk.com. Please include the nature of the accessibility problem and your e-mail or contact address. If the accessibility problem involves a particular page, the message should include the URL of that page. Splunk doesn't accept unsolicited agency resumes and won't pay fees to any third-party agency or firm that doesn't have a signed agreement with Splunk. To check on your application click here. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Splunk", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "62365F89E0D60264E2E97FFA21FC7ADF", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, kubernetes, hyperledger, analytical, frameworks, quorum, product manager, distributed application, dlt, docker, cloud, ethereum, disruptive, spark, startup, fraud, kafka, distributed systems, hadoop, big data, cloud computing, aws, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Jose, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Product-Manager-Blockchain-San-Jose-CA-US-Splunk/ba26f05d-60fa-4ed7-b9e7-4b23b36f35a6", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-product-manager-blockchain-san-jose-ca-us-splunk/ba26f05d-60fa-4ed7-b9e7-4b23b36f35a6"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Product Manager - Blockchain job at Splunk | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-product-manager-blockchain-san-jose-ca-us-splunk/ba26f05d-60fa-4ed7-b9e7-4b23b36f35a6"
}
