{
    "Body": " Digital Product Executive, Technology - Commercial Real Estate (CRE) - Commercial Bank - Palo Alto, CA at JPMorgan Chase Irvine, CA ?? About the Job J.P. Morgan Chase is seeking a talented Senior leader for the position of Product Management Executive in our Commercial Real Estate group for Beyond Banking/Digital Transformation products. The role will have responsibility for the delivery of new digital transformation products focused on existing and new customers. The role will report to Chief Product Officer within CRE Digital Transformation team. The role will be a transformational role which will provide an opportunity to disrupt traditional CRE business and banking products by leveraging technologies and evolving FinTech, PropTech ecosystem. This highly visible position will require individuals with exceptional drive, vision, energy and ability to see beyond the obvious. Key Responsibilities: + The responsibilities of the Product executive are inclusive of product vision, product strategy, product design, product development, and helping in product marketing activities. Similarly, the senior Product Management exec must display strong influence in any of the listed disciplines + Commercial Real Estate, + Financial Institutions/Banking, Digital Payments + Business Applications + B2B, B2C Digital products + You are responsible to oversees every element of the product from its conceptualization to its launch and post-launch performance. You are also responsible for building of great products that create a sustainable value in terms of customer delight, revenue and profits for the business. + You are hands on product manager with deep Engg/Development background and ability to drive architectural, technical partnership discussions with various internal and external teams, vendors and stakeholders. + You are expected to spearhead leveraging latest technologies and capabilities within the bank and outside in areas of AI, Machine Learning, Blockchain etc. to create new solutions or transform existing products at JPMC. + You are expected to follow design thinking methodology, Customer driven product development disciplines to focus on key business personas, identify new stakeholders, and deliver exceptional customer experience. + Specific responsibilities include business requirement gathering, Integration strategies and architecture, POCs, creation of an integrated roadmap across products, bridging design and development teams, development of KPIs and execution against, delivery, internal and external feedback and integration for agile initial build and for future dot releases, and adoption. + You will be responsible for collaborating across various organizations, managing multiple stakeholders and leading by influence vs title or hierarchy. + You are an entrepreneurial leader who will partner with the CRE Sales, Marketing and Business Development leadership to ensure that Digital Banking initiatives and projects support and grow the firm\u2019s CRE business. + You will be responsible for recruiting, managing and mentoring junior resources to maximize performance and potential without compromising the firm\u2019s values. + You thrive in a culture of innovation, welcome continuous change, big on collaboration and teams, demonstrate an agile mindset and comfortable operating in a lean startup mode. Qualifications: + 10+ years of total professional experience inproduct design, Development, Delivery. + Strong technical lead developer, Architect, integrationspecialist experience building platforms. + Demonstrated track record of success in leading largeand complex cross functional, cross organizational business initiativesamidst ambiguity and change. + Proven end-to-end problem-solving skills with theability to solve large, complex business problems, obtain consensus anddrive organizational transformation. + Effective use of business knowledge andtechnical expertise to challenge assumptions and operating models comingfrom experience in strategy, product management and go to market at largeorganizations + Successful track record demonstrating ahigh level of personal initiative, setting and achieving challenging goalsand demonstrating entrepreneurial leadership within large enterprises and startups to resolve diverse business challenges. + Ability to interact with colleagues at alllevels, especially senior executives, work through influence acrossfunctional boundaries to achieve goals without direct control overresources. Deliver results while coaching and mentoring other teammembers + Experience in large software firms orFinancial institutions building products and leading cross functionalglobal launch initiatives is preferable + Excellent written and oral communicationskills and strong relationship building across the organization + Passion for building something new, working acrossboundaries to drive change and helping others succeed. + Degree in Management, Finance, Engineering,Computer Science or in arelated discipline is preferable. The final title and job grade is at the discretion of the firm and will be discussed at the time of offer. It may be different than what is listed on the requisition based on candidate experience level. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran. ", 
    "CompanyName": "JPMorgan Chase", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "62F48153E8D271F08AD4DA7204BB14A1", 
    "KeyTerms": "consensus, financial, collaboration, startup, real estate, product manager, business development, digital banking, agile, machine learning, artificial intelligence, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Palo Alto, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/digital-product-executive-technology-commercial-real-estate-cre-commercial-bank-palo-alto-ca-irvine-ca-us-jpmorgan-chase/9d6cc242-ac4f-42c4-8c95-0a890b0b73f2", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Digital-Product-Executive-Technology-Commercial-Real-Estate-CRE-Commercial-Bank-Palo-Alto-CA-Irvine-CA-US-JPMorgan-Chase/9d6cc242-ac4f-42c4-8c95-0a890b0b73f2"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=17", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=17", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Digital Product Executive, Technology - Commercial Real Estate (CRE) - Commercial Bank - Palo Alto, CA job at JPMorgan Chase | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/digital-product-executive-technology-commercial-real-estate-cre-commercial-bank-palo-alto-ca-irvine-ca-us-jpmorgan-chase/9d6cc242-ac4f-42c4-8c95-0a890b0b73f2"
}
