{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-product-manager-blockchain-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/https%3A%2F%2Fcareers.vmware.com%2F",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-product-manager-blockchain-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/7511769b-ed72-49a7-a39a-157cc0732e70",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Sr.-Product-Manager-Blockchain-Palo-Alto-CA-US-VMware/7511769b-ed72-49a7-a39a-157cc0732e70",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-product-manager-blockchain-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/http%3A%2F%2Fcareers.vmware.com"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sr. Product Manager, Blockchain job at VMware | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "6435C543CEC5F0DF657C8088FEF28B4E",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-product-manager-blockchain-palo-alto-ca-us-vmware/7511769b-ed72-49a7-a39a-157cc0732e70",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Sr. Product Manager, Blockchain at VMware Palo Alto, CA ?? About the Job Search Jobs Job Description Business Summary Blockchain is an emerging technology that promises to change the world we live in. With VMware\u2019s vast experience in building highly trusted distributed systems and our background in doing advanced research in this space for several years, we are poised to change the industry\u2019s definition of blockchain and what it can do. We are building out a team of highly skilled individuals to help us build this business and change the industry. This is a unique opportunity to join an early team that is building a business from an incubation project. VMware\u2019s blockchain platform is a multi-cloud, multi-blockchain hybrid SaaS solution. Our team works on cutting edge technology to deliver unique services for enterprise customers wanting to leverage this new technology but need the robustness and performance that they have grown accustomed to in the enterprise. In this role, you will work with a team of talented and focused leaders while leveraging VMware\u2019s Research Group, the open source blockchain efforts, key partners, and the broader VMware community. Blockchain is an emerging technology that has the promise to change the world we live in. With VMware\u2019s vast experience in building highly trusted distributed systems and our background in doing advanced research in this space for several years, we are poised to transform the industry\u2019s definition of blockchain and what it can do. This is a unique opportunity to join an early business unit team in the Office of the CTO \u2013 we are growing a team of highly skilled individuals to help us build the business and change the industry. VMware\u2019s blockchain platform offers a unique solution for enterprise customers who want to leverage Blockchain technology, but who also need the robustness, performance and scalability of enterprise-grade solutions. In this role, you will work with a team of talented and focused leaders while leveraging VMware\u2019s Research Group, the open source blockchain efforts, key partners, and the broader VMware community. Our initial blockchain service is in private preview phase, we are looking to build out a best-in-class team as we progress toward a generally available service. We are seeking high energy, talented leaders who want to be part of a team that is defining how blockchain technology will be used to deliver enterprise class DLT services. Our team values diversity, cooperation, and open thought while supporting VMware\u2019s EPIC2values. Job Roles And Responsibilities As a tenured Product Manager you will provide leadership in the development and success of the blockchain product portfolio. Understanding the market and working with key stakeholders \u2013 customers, partners, sales and support - you will define the core capabilities needed to drive VMware\u2019s growth in the exciting enterprise blockchain space and work closely with the engineering team to deliver those capabilities. Activities include investigation and analysis of customer/market needs; detailed use case definition; competitive analysis; working collaboratively with engineering to scope & phase delivery; working closely with Marketing/Sales/Support to deliver product to market and; writing of white papers, blogs and presentations. Key Responsibilities Include Possess deep & current market knowledge of the enterprise blockchain landscape including use cases across industries, customer adoption journeys and application development ecosystems As part of the product team, formulate, test and validate product/market fit hypotheses at a product and feature level. This includes deep, frequent engagement with customers globally to synthesize feature specifications and service offerings. Lead the product development process from inception to product delivery. Collaborate on PRDs, outline detailed customer use cases, and ensure the successful and timely shipment of VMware\u2019s blockchain products. Work in cross functional Agile teams combining Development, UX, QE and end-to-end solutions to deliver product to market. Analyze and evaluate complementary and competitive products, technologies, and solutions. Required Skills 5+ years product management or equivalent experience on a complex and technical software project of significant scope with 10+ years of work experience in technology industry or function Deep understanding of the application stacks enterprises deploy today, and the tradeoffs available to improve scale and availability of apps. Foundational understanding of the blockchain ecosystem, including competitors, partners, and technology solutions. Strong desire and ability to connect with customers, understand their challenges, and solve problems Strong familiarity with agile software development practices with the ability to collaborate with engineering leads on requirements definition, design and prioritization Strategic thinking and ability to present solutions to senior level and executive audiences, both internal and external Experience taking early stage products from concept through early go-to-market, and working in an ambiguous, complex, and rapidly changing environment. Strong communication skills: verbal, written and content presentation Preferred Skills Demonstrated experience with pre and post product/market fit activities in a product lifecycle including positioning, validating hypotheses, pivoting and scaling. Experience with solutions design for enterprise customers Ability to think and act fast to drive cross-functional alignment and execution in new areas with tight timelines A confident presenter who is comfortable leading face to face customer meetings and presenting to small-medium size audiences. Bachelor\u2019s Degree in an Engineering or related technology field or equivalent experience. MBA desired. What You\u2019ll Get Opportunities for you to work in a strong innovation culture alongside teams consistently leading the markets they are in, and competing against the best software companies there are Challenging, and engaging projects that will help change the landscape of corporate IT for the better. An authentic career path with a support cast that will help you along your journey Attractive compensation package with competitive salary, flexible bonus scheme, and long-term incentives Healthy work environment with company sponsored medical insurance programs, sport activities, and open communication Work-life balance tailored to your needs, paid vacation, paid sick leave, team events VMware Company Overview: \u200bVMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what\u2019s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com. VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind:??VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. \u200b Search Jobs "
}