{
    "Body": " Sales Engineer - (Remote) Cybersecurity, SOAR, IR, Threat Intel at CyberCoders New York, NY 10036 ?? About the Job If you are a Sales Engineer with experience, please read on! **Please note - This is a work from home position with up to 30% travel.** We are a leading product-based cyber security company that is looking to build out our US Operations. Our mission is to revolutionize the security fabric and leverage advanced breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and blockchain technologies. We empower our enterprise clients including government agencies, ISACs, ISAOs, defense organizations, and others against the evolving threat landscape. We need a strong Sales Engineer who has a background working for a cybersecurity solutions company with expert knowledge of cyber products including threat intelligence, incident response, security automation & orchestration (SOAR), SIEM, or others. If this is you, please apply today! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Work from home opportunity! 2. Fast-Growing Global Public Organization! 3. Competitive base salary, benefits, with the opportunity for growth! What You Will Be Doing - Identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections, and develop strategies to resolve technical roadblocks. - Travel to customer sites, conferences, and events as required. - Oversee activities, product/solution briefings, developing system architectures, supporting bid responses, proof-of-concept work, and coordinating technical resources. - Work hands-on with company products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. - Work closely with other members of the sales team to deliver the most successful security platform available. - Create and maintain relationships with channel partner pre-sales. - Remote delivery of solution presentations and demonstrations via telephone/WebEx. - Own and respond to RFP's and proposals. - Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare, and execute on strategic deals in complex sales cycles. - Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions. - Create and deliver powerful presentations and demos that clearly communicate the uniqueness and of the value proposition. - Collect and document competitive intelligence. - Know your customers well, as they will utilize you for their technical point of contact through the entire sales cycle. - Design customer-oriented security solution pitches and be a part of the building of quotations for customer sales presentations. - Assist in professional services deployments, technical training, and industry seminars and/or trade shows. - Provide valuable customer insight and real-world experiences to Product Management, Marketing and Product Development (Engineering) teams - Prepare and deliver product messaging to highlight the product value proposition via whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, proof-of-concepts trial management, and RFI/RFP response documents. - Navigate complex customer organizations and build trusted relationships with key external and internal stakeholders. What You Need for this Position - 4+ years of Security Sales Engineering experience in a technical sales or consulting environment or on an enterprise architecture/systems engineering team. - Must have a background in the cybersecurity field and versed in threat intelligence, incident response, and SOAR, or other related security products. - Strong background in technical sales, consulting, or enterprise architecture/systems engineering experience - Advanced written and verbal communication skills. - Expertise in building relationships over the phone. - Must have a proactive communication style ensuring the timely status of projects to product team and customer. - Must be able to extract hidden or unrealized customer requirements and gain consensus on these requirements with the customer. - Capability to convert ambiguous customer needs into specific, deliverable requirements. - Able to develop relationships and communicate with high-level customer technical staff. - Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cybersecurity technology space. - Effective presentation skills, with the ability to deliver technical presentations. - Must be able to travel as required (approximately 30%). - History of exceeding quota-based targets. What's In It for You For your hard work and dedication you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary, bonus potential, and benefits including but not limited to: - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - 401k So, if you are a Security Sales Engineer with SOAR, Incident Response, and Threat Intelligence experience, please apply today! ", 
    "CompanyName": "CyberCoders", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "65E1B8261ABF231B923C5681D2BC1AD8", 
    "KeyTerms": "consensus, emerging technologies, cyber, kyc, fabric, remote, machine learning, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Sales-Engineer-Remote-Cybersecurity-SOAR-IR-Threat-Intel-New-York-NY-US-CyberCoders/218111198", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sales-engineer-remote-cybersecurity-soar-ir-threat-intel-new-york-ny-us-cybercoders/218111198", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=218111198"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Sales Engineer - (Remote) Cybersecurity, SOAR, IR, Threat Intel job at CyberCoders | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/sales-engineer-remote-cybersecurity-soar-ir-threat-intel-new-york-ny-us-cybercoders/218111198"
}
