{
    "Body": " Solution Architect - Enterprise Networking at Cisco Seattle, WA 98194 ???????????? About the Job Why you'll love Cisco We change the World, you will become passionate about your employer and the brand you represent. Everything is converging on the Internet, making networked connections more meaningful than ever before in our lives. Our employees' groundbreaking ideas impact everything. Here, that means we take creative ideas from the drawing board to dynamic solutions that have real world impact. You'll collaborate with Cisco leaders, partner with mentors, and develop incredible relationships with colleagues who share your interest in connecting the unconnected. You'll be part customers centric team that enjoy having fun, and you'll take part in changing the lives of those in our local communities. Come prepared to be encouraged and inspired. What You'll Do As a Network Consulting Engineer in the Customer Experience Enterprise Networking New Products team, you'll engage with a hardworking, dynamic, passionate, and diverse team to build intellectual capital, help customers on their digital journey, and design and deliver services supporting intent-based infrastructures adoption, including Software Defined Access (SDA), Cisco DNA Center Assurance and Automation, and SD-WAN. You will provide consulting and technical support to high-profile customers and Customer Experience (CX) delivery organizations. Working with the latest products, technologies and solutions will be part of the job. As a part of our world-class organization, you will: * Develop Enterprise Intent Based Networking (IBN) designs, implement Cisco leading edge technologies and provide services to the largest networks and high-profile customers in the world * Specify and/or develop software and tools in support of network design, infrastructure and technology platforms. * Support the development of IBN Use Cases within a structured methodology for building new services, digital customer guidance, and customer portals. * By working with leading edge solutions and early adopter customers, develop critical delivery methodologies and documentation for scaled customer engagement * Provide systems/product training both internally and externally and intellectual property material. * Support engineers from multiple teams as well as the field and aid them in problem resolution. * Provide input to Engineering and product organizations on future product development. * Work on complex and diverse problems where analysis requires in-depth evaluation of factors with imaginative and innovative troubleshooting and experimentation. Who You'll Work With Join us as we transform the world of tomorrow. Develop creative ideas on how to work better and smarter. Influence and participate in top-priority projects that have a real impact. Play a crucial role in driving next-gen innovations in the areas of network automation, analytics and insights. Imagine, design, and create solutions to transform how we work, live, learn and play. You will work with a group of highly skilled, dynamic, diverse, and passionate engineers who go above and beyond in assisting not just the customer but also their teammates and peers. In this role, you will collaborate extensively with engineering, technical marketing engineers, user-experience designers, and peer engineers to build a cohesive strategy and help customer adopt Cisco's intent-based architectures. You will also work with Cisco sales and customers to drive awareness and adoption of new solutions, and garner customers insights to drive future solution development. Who You Are * You've achieved a Bachelors or Master's degree in a technical field, such as Computer Science, Computer Networking, Information Technology, Electrical/Computer Engineering or a similar field * Can demonstrate 5-7 years relevant experience * Have worked with Networking Protocols : OSPF, ISIS, BGP, LISP, VxLAN * Experience working with Cisco Products: Variants of ISR routers, Nexus switches, Catalyst family and Variants of Cisco UCS, Wireless Controllers, Access Points, DNA Center * Possess creative problem-solving and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skills. * Are analytically energetic with the ability to collect, organize, and analyze massive datasets * Simplifies, communicates, and educates customers about complex data and processes * Your communication skills include and excellent command of English language, both written and verbal * You bring a proven understanding of computer science fundamentals and software engineering with an aptitude for learning new technologies * Up to 20% travel might be required. Desired Skills * Ability to effectively communicate concepts with passion and integrity. * Experience working across regions/countries preferred but not required. * CCIE desired (Routing & Switching / Wireless / Service Provider) * Experience in interacting with Development Engineers and BU Escalation teams * Knowledge of computer languages and programming (Java, Python, XML, RESTAPI) framework * Demonstrated consistent success in solving difficult technical customer problems over a period of years. * Proven success as the technical lead on high profile and time-critical customer projects We Are Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here's how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we're \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we're also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can't put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don't care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That's cool. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6637D6A61680EBFBC409E436C22451A9", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, python, java, information technology, lisp, software engineer, protocols, machine learning, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Seattle, Washington, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Solution-Architect-Enterprise-Networking-Seattle-WA-US-Cisco/6886de37-51cc-400b-a1b4-11200c5da365", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/solution-architect-enterprise-networking-seattle-wa-us-cisco/6886de37-51cc-400b-a1b4-11200c5da365"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Solution Architect - Enterprise Networking job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/solution-architect-enterprise-networking-seattle-wa-us-cisco/6886de37-51cc-400b-a1b4-11200c5da365"
}
