{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/IT-Governance-Compliance-Analyst-Atlanta-GA-US-Graphic-Packaging-International-Inc/0fd4550d-a9a7-4c3e-b47a-7146f8f5ca98",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-governance-compliance-analyst-atlanta-ga-us-graphic-packaging-international-inc/0fd4550d-a9a7-4c3e-b47a-7146f8f5ca98",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-governance-compliance-analyst-atlanta-ga-us-graphic-packaging-international-inc/https%3A%2F%2Fperformancemanager4.successfactors.com%2FGraphicpkg%2FSF_eeo_is_the_law_federal_poster.pdf",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-governance-compliance-analyst-atlanta-ga-us-graphic-packaging-international-inc/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.graphicpkg.com"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "IT Governance & Compliance Analyst job at Graphic Packaging International, Inc | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "66C32151ABF1B5E6C6A4FB1657DC3382",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/it-governance-compliance-analyst-atlanta-ga-us-graphic-packaging-international-inc/0fd4550d-a9a7-4c3e-b47a-7146f8f5ca98",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " IT Governance & Compliance Analyst at Graphic Packaging International, Inc. Atlanta, GA   About the Job MISSION/ SUMMARY: Graphic Packaging International, LLC. is seeking a qualified candidate to fulfill the role of IT Compliance Analyst reporting to the Manager, IT Global General Controls & Audit, this position is responsible for replicating and sustaining high level performance across key IT control domains including; system access, application and infrastructure system changes, purchasing processes, program management processes, operational control processes and related policies and procedures associated with the GPI IT General Controls framework.   These key controls enable the Company\u2019s achievement of ongoing internal IT standardization, compliance, and related annual SOX financial compliance, as well as overall IT solution throughput.   This position will also provide support to the GPI Change Management Office on an as needed basis. The GPI Change Management Office is responsible for infrastructure and system change control procedures to ensure changes to infrastructure assets and applications comply with the Company\u2019s change management policies and procedures to minimize negative impact to operations.   JOB FUNCTIONS:  Primary job functions include, but are not limited to the following; Assist with assessments of IT governing control risks and capability maturity model levels, gap analysis, and create prioritized remediation plans for continuous improvement across the Company\u2019s global locations. Collaborate with IT process control owners to ensure that internal controls over IT capabilities supporting governance and financial reporting are effectively designed and sufficiently documented and published within the Company\u2019s SOX documentation requirements. Create AuditBoard projects which are intended to monitor mitigating controls implemented and the remediation progress of control deficiencies ensuring deadlines are adhered to. Update IT Compliance website with Company\u2019s IT General Controls library, mitigating control procedures & process diagrams and documentation. Assist with the reviews and evaluations of the Company environment including IT systems, processes, and controls to ensure compliance with prevailing privacy regulatory laws and requirements (e.g., GDPR). Work with audit team partners to test for compliance with various prevailing regulatory laws, requirements, and standards including but not limited to Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Activities related to the above responsibilities include documenting Company processes in narratives, flowcharts, and/or other forms of corporate documentation; participating in walkthroughs of the Company\u2019s significant processes with business and IT control owners and audit entities; observing or conducting interviews of Company employees; and compiling, analyzing, and reviewing data in support of business and system process control improvements. Create, distribute and review regularly issued governance and audit management performance reporting to IT management. Function as acting Change Manager on duty as a backup resource to the Company Change Management office. Assist IT management with development of an IT Compliance Program office. Other duties as deemed necessary by management.   REQUIREMENTS & EXPERIENCE: IT audit experience performing information system control risk assessments. Proficient understanding of ERP systems, Operating Systems, Databases, and Network Infrastructure components. Experience participating in simple and complex information technology internal audits. Experience working with matrix based teams of various sizes across geographical boundaries. Working knowledge of General Data Protection Requirement (GDPR), COBIT 5, ISO 27001/2, HIPAA, NIST 800 series desired. Knowledge of risks and controls in emerging technologies based on Blockchain, Internet of Things (IoT), and Artificial Intelligence is a plus. Exceptional oral and written communication skills. Experience facilitating large audience meetings. Experience working with Microsoft SharePoint. Ability to travel up to 25% (domestic and international).   EDUCATION / KNOWLEDGE: Bachelor\u2019s degree in information systems or business-related disciplines. ITIL, CISA, CISM, CIA, or CRISC a plus. Working knowledge of Sarbanes Oxley 2002 IT domain and related control requirements. Leadership, management training or certification a plus. Configuration Management Database (CMDB) experience desired. Change Management experience desired.   * * * * * POSITION COMPETENCIES: List key competencies for the position. Integrity and Trust and Action Oriented are Core GPI Competencies for all positions.   Integrity and Trust (Core GPI Competency) Action Oriented (Core GPI Competency) Customer Focus Planning Analyzing of Data Reports Process Engineering or Design Priority Setting Motivating & Influencing Others Business Acumen Ethics and Values Drive for Results Required Experience At Graphic Packaging International (NYSE: GPK), we produce the box you may have poured your child's cereal from this morning, the microwaveable tray that heated your lunch, the paper cup that held your coffee throughout the day, and the carrier of those bottles of craft beer you may enjoy tonight! We're one of the largest manufacturers of paperboard and paper-based packaging for some of the world's most recognized brands of food, beverage, foodservice, household, personal care and pet care products. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, we are a team of collaborative, innovative, passionate individuals who are committed to providing consumer packaging that makes a world of difference. With almost 18,000 employees working in more than 70 locations in North and South America, Europe and the Pacific Rim, we strive to be an environmentally responsible leader in our industry and in the communities where we operate. We are committed to workplace diversity and offer compensation and benefits programs that are among the industry's best to reward the talented people who make our company successful. If this sounds like something you would like to be a part of, we'd love to hear from you. Learn more about us at www.graphicpkg.com. Inspired Packaging. A World of Difference. Graphic Packaging is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All candidates will be evaluated on the basis of their qualifications for the job in question. We do not base our employment decision on an employee's or applicant's race, color, religion, age, gender or sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic identity, genetic information, disability, veteran/military status or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Click here to view the EEO is the Law Poster. "
}