{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-Summer-The-Digital-Governance-Impact-Initiative-DIGI-Internship-Washington-DC-US-New-America/84f98c2e-3bbe-4dde-9b77-19b7b6ebe828",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-summer-the-digital-governance-impact-initiative-digi-internship-washington-dc-us-new-america/84f98c2e-3bbe-4dde-9b77-19b7b6ebe828"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "RequiredMatch": "decentralized",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "2020 Summer - The Digital Governance and Impact Initiative (DIGI) Internship job at New America | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "69F77D788C87E1F91D23116F62762328",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-summer-the-digital-governance-impact-initiative-digi-internship-washington-dc-us-new-america/84f98c2e-3bbe-4dde-9b77-19b7b6ebe828",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " 2020 Summer - The Digital Governance and Impact Initiative (DIGI) Internship at New America Washington, DC 20005   About the Job The Digital Governance and Impact Initiative (DIGI) at New America develops technology platforms that transform the way institutions deliver value for citizens. We work with partners in government and the private sector to create modular, interoperable technology solutions built on open source code that address key challenges facing the public sector. We live in a world where institutions designed in the 19th century use technology from the 20th century to solve the challenges of the 21st century. It\u2019s not working. We\u2019re changing that. Digital governance platforms have proven their ability to address a range of global challenges with astonishing results, often delivering unprecedented improvements in accountability, efficiency, transparency, and trust. Our goal is to develop, deploy and scale open source platforms that address core government functions ranging from benefits and revenue management to citizen participation. These solutions function as \u201cinstitutions-in-a-box.\u201d They can be deployed individually or as a package. Together, they form the core of an integrated, customizable government operating system that will help power effective institutions worldwide. Our work with DIGI is focused on three opportunities: Building open-source, interoperable digital platforms to power the public sector. This work is already underway via collaboration with the Rockefeller Foundation, New York City, New Jersey, the State Department, the World Bank and an array of other organizations worldwide. Harnessing decentralized technology to address social impact and governance challenges through the ongoing work of our Blockchain Trust Accelerator, which will continue to operate under DIGI. And, because this work is far too big for any one institution, we are building a community of aligned organizations that share a commitment to transparency and good governance to help scale these solutions. Responsibilities: Support DIGI with thorough research and writing, stay on top of digital advancements in the field of governance and social impact;   Monitor events and research of peer organizations and leaders in the field as well as preparing for meetings and vetting project proposals; Help us create content and update the program\u2019s website and social media accounts; Help organize and staff online discussions, round-tables, and other public or invite-only events. Learning Outcomes: Gain familiarity with the use of technology for better governance and social impact applications; Better understand the internal operations of a non-profit organization; Gain leadership experience while helping us manage and monitor pilot projects; Acquire social media tricks of the trade, while building an online presence; Develop relationship building skills, event/project management skills while interacting with our partners and advisory board.  Internship Stipend College credit or Paid  Qualifications: Qualifications students must have to apply for the internship: Outstanding organization, follow up, and multitasking abilities; The ability to engage credibly with a broad range of high-level partners from foundations, civil society, the private sector, and government;  Excellent research, writing, and communication skills; An interest in emerging technologies; An ability to work and solve problems on an independent, entrepreneurial basis with a high degree of autonomy;   Social media aptitude and/or experience.  Application Process: To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter.  Submissions will be considered on a rolling basis. No phone calls, emails or letters please. New America is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce at all levels of the organization thereby creating a culture that allows us to better serve our mission, our employees, and our communities. We value and encourage the contributions of our employees and strive to create an environment where everyone can reach their full potential and drive outstanding results. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, age, sex, religion, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. This policy applies with regard to all aspects of one\u2019s employment, including hiring, transfer, promotion, compensation, eligibility for benefits, and termination. "
}