{
    "Body": " Security Engineer at tZERO Group, Inc. New York, NY 10007 ???????????? About the Job Who We Are: tZERO Group, Inc. is majority-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com and the global leader in Blockchain innovation for capital markets. tZERO is a portfolio company of Overstock.com\u2019s blockchain subsidiary, Medici Ventures and we are focused on the development and commercialization of innovative fintech solutions for capital markets based on blockchain technologies. We aim to completely revolutionize capital markets and positively address the inherent inefficiencies of Wall Street so that financial processes and investors are less beholden to traditional, institutional market structures. Since tZERO\u2019s inception in October of 2014, we have pioneered the movement to bring greater efficiency and transparency to capital markets through our proprietary blockchain and distributed ledger technologies. Security Engineer The Senior Security Engineer will proactively manage, investigate, research and implement the technical components for Website and internal IT security for tZERO. This position will work directly with operations and business representatives to ensure we are compliant with governmental and industry security requirements. ????????????tZERO is a majority owned portfolio company of Overstock.com and is focused on using blockchain technology to democratize capital, eliminate middlemen and re-humanize commerce. This position will work????????????directly with the Security Officer to ensure we are compliant with relevant compliance frameworks and security requirements. This individual will also be expected to train and mentor junior security staff as well as train IT and business staff on security best practices. This individual will be required to research new security technologies and advise of risk and efficiencies as it relates to the Overstock.com environment. The Senior Security Engineer must have a broad depth of knowledge in the IT security space, have shown an ability to quickly get up to speed and understand an organization\u2019s networks, systems, and applications. The Engineer\u2019s responsibilities are continually expanding as they progress in the organization and technology stacks evolve. They must continually adapt to stay current in the security space. This individual will be tasked with researching new security technologies and advise of risk and efficiencies as it relates to the tZERO environments. What You Will Do: Design security life cycle around current and future products which includes the research and design elements of security Perform threat modeling for application and operational initiatives Execute regularly planned maintenance and testing activities Ensure infrastructure is fully compliant with security guidelines Work with different groups and business units to architect security controls into solutions Research and design department metrics around the security environment and solutions Monitor tZERO systems and networks for security events and investigate a violation when they occur Identify areas of weakness and create requirements for improving the current analytics and event system Assist Analysts and Engineers with projects as needed Perform other duties as required and assigned by manager and upper management What You Should Have: \u200b6+ years of practical experience in the field or in a related area Risk management experience and ability to make risk-based decisions Ability to perform threat modeling for application and operational initiatives Self-starter mentality and able to perform in a quickly changing environment Excellent organizational, interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills Broad depth of knowledge of security industry Experience with and technical understanding of firewall, routing, and switching technologies, incident response & handling, tenants of multi-factor authentication, intrusion detection/prevention technologies and solutions (IDS/IPS), Linux, Windows Server OS, network access control (NAC), data loss prevention (DLP), web content filtering, database security, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, application security, SOX/PCI compliance Education Fundamental security knowledge, including firewalls, packet-filtering, Next Generation Firewalls (NGFW) Strong networking skills; in-depth knowledge of TCP/IP; ability to read and diagnose IP packet captures (routing and switching a plus) Strong endpoint security skills; Anti-Virus (AV), Endpoint Detection & Response (EDR), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), host-based forensics Understanding of Web Application Firewalls (WAF), Bot Mitigation, Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS), and Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) mitigation Systems or infrastructure management experience and an understanding of public/private cloud technologies and securing those services Experience with incident handling and incident response Excellent technology analysis, communication, organizational and troubleshooting skills Ability to creatively solve business needs and problems Ability to interface with and manage vendor relationships Drive and willingness to innovate automation at the network layer \u200bBachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Prefer certifications in SAND (GPEN / GCFE / GSE), Offensive Security OSCP, and/or Systems of infrastructure management. What We Offer: LEED Gold Certified????????????19-acre Campus & Global HQ???????????? Onsite Daycare Center???????????? 401k (6% match) Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership Development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Indoor Bike Storage Summer Party at Lagoon, Utah's largest theme park Employee Fall Concert (Past performers include: Neon Trees, Snoop Dogg and Bret Michaels) Medical, Dental, Vision coverage Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Life Insurance, Short and Long-Term Disability coverage Onsite salon services, massages, & auto-detail services Discounts on ski passes, cell phone plans Overstock Women's Network (OWN) *Benefits vary based on position, tenure, location, and employee election Physical Requirements: This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping, and reaching are also frequently required. \u200b Equal Employment Opportunity: It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202fThis policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Physical Requirements: This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity: It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates. This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. ", 
    "CompanyName": "tZERO Group, Inc.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6B093FA08A24EEE74214AA62A9825E2F", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, risk management, threat modeling, frameworks, financial, compliance, linux, e-commerce, dlt, capital markets", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Security-Engineer-New-York-NY-US-tZERO-Group-Inc./38716033-1aa7-4696-ab01-dd1f27500132", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/security-engineer-new-york-ny-us-tzero-group-inc/38716033-1aa7-4696-ab01-dd1f27500132"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Security Engineer job at tZERO Group, Inc. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/security-engineer-new-york-ny-us-tzero-group-inc/38716033-1aa7-4696-ab01-dd1f27500132"
}
