{
    "Body": " Technical Sales Cloud Specialist (PaaS) at IBM Phoenix, AZ ?? About the Job Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. Your Role and Responsibilities The Cloud Platform technical sales specialist is a technical professional responsible for solution design of opportunities, engaging with clients. The Cloud Platform technical sales team supports the clients and works collaboratively with the sales team and IBM business partners. The responsibilities of Cloud Platform technical sales specialist include assistance in closing sales opportunities by removing technical roadblocks, demonstrating function, illustrating IBM value, competitive differentiation, assisting with proof of concepts, validating solution architecture, assisting in scoping and pricing, and assisting in generating and qualifying new opportunities. This role will primarily participate in Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) and Public Cloud opportunities enabling enterprise IT and the developer community to rapidly build and deploy rich applications \u2013 utilizing various open source technologies covering compute, storage, databases, monitoring / logging and developer tools. Knowledge of Container Services, Cloud Foundry, Cloud Functions and IBM Cloud Catalog is required in addition to 150 API\u2019s and services spanning Cognitive, Blockchain and Data Science. Additional knowledge and technical skills across the IBM Cloud Platform portfolio is a plus including Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings and services such as VMWare Solutions, IBM Cloud for Skytap Solutions and Cloud Object Storage Required Technical and Professional Expertise + At least 5-8 years experience in pre-sales or technical consulting experience + At least 3-5 years experience with IBM Public Cloud Technologies and Offerings + At least 3-5 years experience with Open Source and Cloud Native methodologies + At least 3-5 years experience of Container Platforms and Public Cloud Service Provider Container Offerings + Strategies (VMware, Microsoft HyperV, Citrix XenServer, etc.) + At least 3 years experience in Networking, IP addressing, Virtual Private Network (VPN), Load Balancing, Firewalls, and Security + At least 3 years experience of Skytap, Zerto, Veeam, Hytrust + Familiarity with Public Cloud Technologies and Offerings + Familiarity with Open Source and Cloud Native methodologies + Understanding of Container Platforms and Public Cloud Service Provider Container offerings + Familiarity with \"as a Service\" product offerings + Experience or broad understanding of Software Developer Life Cycle, CI/CD is a plus Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology + Certified in At least one platform (e.g. MCSE, RHCE, Cisco, technology and/or security certification (e.g. CISSP) About Business Unit IBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company\u2019s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM\u2019s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients\u2019 growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6B75E151DC5974565F5D921000E8DFAB", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, information technology, data science, collaboration, compliance, open source technologies, ci cd, proof of concepts", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Phoenix, Arizona, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Technical-Sales-Cloud-Specialist-PaaS-Phoenix-AZ-US-IBM/e28fd9c6-2321-4f66-9771-c47977f286de", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-sales-cloud-specialist-paas-phoenix-az-us-ibm/e28fd9c6-2321-4f66-9771-c47977f286de"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20cloud", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20cloud", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Technical Sales Cloud Specialist (PaaS) job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-sales-cloud-specialist-paas-phoenix-az-us-ibm/e28fd9c6-2321-4f66-9771-c47977f286de"
}
