{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=14",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Office-Assistant-at-Tech-Start-Up-West-Hollywood-CA-US-FanDragon-Technologies-Inc/76c17ed3-f772-444f-8f46-08f9f6e9ecfb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/office-assistant-at-tech-start-up-west-hollywood-ca-us-fandragon-technologies-inc/76c17ed3-f772-444f-8f46-08f9f6e9ecfb"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=14",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Office Assistant at Tech Start-Up job at FanDragon Technologies, Inc | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "6C07F6B204547F29693A168B1FAF85C1",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/office-assistant-at-tech-start-up-west-hollywood-ca-us-fandragon-technologies-inc/76c17ed3-f772-444f-8f46-08f9f6e9ecfb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Office Assistant at Tech Start-Up at FanDragon Technologies, Inc West Hollywood, CA   About the Job FanDragon Technologies is an emerging,well-funded start-up based in West Hollywood, CA, revolutionizing the globalticketing distribution business with a proprietary, Blockchain-based mobileticket wallet that allowsrightsholders to gain transparency over datathroughout the ticket supply-chain.  We are seeking an Office Assistant to perform a wide range of duties, including the management of our company\u2019s general administrative activities. The ideal candidate should have excellent verbal and written communication skills, and should be able to organize their work using Microsoft Office and G Suite, as well as standard office equipment. We are looking for a team player, ideally with an interest in entertainment and technology, who is willing to perform macro and micro tasks with an \u201call hands on deck\u201d attitude. We offer competitive compensation, based on experience.  Applicants are encouraged to visit FanDragon.com Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Managing executive calendars, scheduling phone calls and meetings, and booking travel. Serving as first point of contact for external partners/clients. Taking notes at key meetings and distributing well-crafted minutes to pertinent executives. Assisting in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports and research projects, including competitive tracking. Submitting and reconciling expense reports. Maintaining appropriate digital and manual filing systems. Coordinating office maintenance and service needs with building management. Assisting in other tasks and duties in other departments, including Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, etc. Overseeing maintenance of various accounts related to office functions (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.). Planning and overseeing company events (team dinners, holiday parties, etc.) Maintaining office supplies and equipment through budgeting and inventory. Coordinating with staff to handle requests and queries from senior management. Contributing to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed, maintaining confidentiality of all company activities and private company information. Requirements: Bachelor's degree Proven experience working successfully in an office as an intern or administrative assistant. Knowledge of office management systems, procedures, and standard equipment. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite. Working knowledge of G Suite, specifically Google Calendar. Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritize work according to deadlines. Attention to detail and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational skills with the ability to multitask. FanDragon Technologies provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. "
}