{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20linux",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/SAN-Storage-Technical-Consultant-Toronto-ON-CA-Radiant-Systems-Inc/218364210",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/san-storage-technical-consultant-toronto-on-ca-radiant-systems-inc/218364210",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=218364210"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20linux",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "SAN Storage Technical Consultant job at Radiant Systems Inc | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "6E083C4E7F40B01500BB053DB21383B5",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/san-storage-technical-consultant-toronto-on-ca-radiant-systems-inc/218364210",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " SAN Storage Technical Consultant at Radiant Info Systems Ltd. Toronto, ON   About the Job Job Details   Title : Technical Consultant V Location : Toronto, Ontario M4L 1B6, Canada Duration : 12 months     Job Description:                 The Storage SAN Technical Leader is responsible for the operational technical delivery for the assigned customer account(s).Responsibilities include the day to day 24x7 IT operation support using an ITIL framework, architecture design and implementation, capacity planning and forecast, and performance management. This will also include advanced troubleshooting, diagnosis and recommendation for continuous improvement initiatives.   Primary Responsibilities: Primary responsibility for the technical delivery of Storage SAN (block and SAN Fabric) IT Operations for the assigned account(s) on a daily basis. Act as the Subject Matter Expert (SME). Provide technical oversight for day to day administration, monitoring and troubleshooting of the Managed Services Storage environment. Act as the technical escalation point of contact for local and remote teams. Provide analysis, recommendation and oversight support for SAN Storage solutions including recommendations to the Service Delivery Manager and end customer along with pre-site inspections, initial implementation, customization and integration into the Managed Services environment as required. Reports to the Service Delivery Manager and supports the Service Delivery Manager in furthering the relationship the customer. Act as the Technical Advisor to the Service Delivery Manager. Provide weekly and monthly operations reports to the Service Delivery Manager for the customer and Hitachi. Provide input to the Service Delivery Manager for the monthly governance meetings and reports with the customer and Hitachi. Lead the implementation of new technologies into the account. Own the delivery of specific Hitachi driven technical projects and efforts. Review capacity reports, analyze capacity usage trends and provide capacity upgrade recommendation to the Service Delivery Manager. Provide coaching and training to other Technical Consultants on the delivery team. Mentor junior team members and provide internal training as needed. Provide technical oversight on firmware / microcode / OS upgrades of the Managed Services Storage environment. Provide input and guidance to the alert thresholds and instructions to the appropriate Hitachi teams for effective monitoring and alerting of the Managed Services Storage environment. Provides input into the creation, establishment and maintenance of IT policies, procedures and practices using ITIL framework to efficiently manage the storage infrastructure Provides oversight with established policies, procedures and practices defined by Hitachi for managing the infrastructure Identify and provide suggested continuous improvement initiatives within the account. On call support, as required, for the account(s).   Required Skills:   7-10 years of experience with enterprise storage platforms with 4-5 years of Hitachi storage (VSP, VSP Gx000, HUS) experience. IBM, Dell/EMC, HP Storage experience preferred. 7-10 years expert knowledge with Hitachi storage tools including Hitachi Command Suite, Tiered Storage Manager, Hitachi Dynamic Tiering, Hitachi Tuning Manager, TrueCopy, HUR, GAD, HTI, Shadow Image. 7-10 years of experience with enterprise SAN Fabric (Fiber Channel, FCOE, FICON) with 4-5 years of experience in Brocade (Gen 4 / 5/ 6) and Cisco (UCS and MDS) environments UNIX, Linux and Windows Systems administration and clustering experience is highly desirable Server Virtualization Technologies (VMware, HyperV, Open Stack, Docker) is highly desirable Hyper Converged Technologies is highly desirable Possess general understanding of IT Infrastructure, ITIL framework and ITSM. Ability to prioritize projects and deliverables. Excellent communication and organizational skills Education: Bachelor\u2019s Degree or equivalent in Information Technology or other related technology fields of study. ITIL Certification \u2013 strongly preferred "
}