{
    "Body": " Research Staff Member at IBM Dallas, TX ?? About the Job Introduction IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it\u2019s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. Your Role and Responsibilities We are seeking Research Scientist candidates with demonstrated publication records in one or more of our focus areas and technical leadership potential. As part of the IBM Research team, you will conduct world-class research on innovative technologies and solutions and publish in top-tier conferences and journals. You will also contribute to the commercialization of the resulting assets. Demonstrated communication skills and the ability to work independently, as well as in a team, are highly desired traits. The candidate will be asked to contribute to several aspects of the IBM cloud platform, including but not restricted to security, performance and scaling aspects of the cloud technology. Required Technical and Professional Expertise + Cloud computing infrastructure: familiarity with the architecture and organization of popular implementations such as OpenStack, Kubernetes, etc. + Data center organization: be ready to operate large collections of machines in data centers; be familiar with the management tools and operations + Distributed computing theory and application + Systems knowledge: a deep understanding of systems architecture from hardware to the Linux kernel; Unix systems organization; package management of various Linux distributions; container technology; namespaces; security techniques + Virtualization: familiarity with the concepts and the practice of virtualization, from principles and hardware support to operational knowledge of qemu/XEN/libvirt, etc. + Understanding and operational knowledge of the Trusted Platform Module standard and operations; trusted boot; integrity measurement architecture; etc. + Candidates must be able to work both in a team environment and independently Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Devops and cloud ops: familiarity with CI/CD techniques, architecture and procedures in modern project management + Software defined networks: principles, management, virtual routers, BGP, Openflow, etc. + High performance computing: knowledge of HPC schedulers, MPI internals, rudiments of performance optimization and scaling for HPC jobs. + Operating machine learning environments and deep learning frameworks; basic understanding of neural networks + Programming environments including, but not restricted to: go, Python, Rust, C/C++, Java About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6E84C52CB633C8A24D3B317799455E99", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, python, frameworks, machine learning, artificial intelligence, cloud, rust, java, devops, collaboration, compliance, quantum computing, linux, ci cd, high performance computing, cloud computing", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Dallas, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Research-Staff-Member-Dallas-TX-US-IBM/c338f292-e945-473a-af59-c079df11e026", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/research-staff-member-dallas-tx-us-ibm/c338f292-e945-473a-af59-c079df11e026"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20rust", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20rust", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Research Staff Member job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/research-staff-member-dallas-tx-us-ibm/c338f292-e945-473a-af59-c079df11e026"
}
