{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=12",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Program-Manager-SAP-Retail-Job-Chicago-IL-US-SAP/e8568d71-c0d6-4a61-8ffe-f83d42483f57",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/program-manager-sap-retail-job-chicago-il-us-sap/e8568d71-c0d6-4a61-8ffe-f83d42483f57"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=12",
    "RequiredMatch": "consensus",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Program Manager, SAP Retail Job job at SAP | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "6EECA241FE33492DB08FE8AA81330C78",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/program-manager-sap-retail-job-chicago-il-us-sap/e8568d71-c0d6-4a61-8ffe-f83d42483f57",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Program Manager, SAP Retail Job at SAP Chicago, IL   About the Job Requisition ID: 252917 Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services Expected Travel: 0 - 100% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That\u2019s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it\u2019s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people\u2019s lives. Candidates can be located anywhere in the US PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES With industry expertise that touches more than 70% of the world\u2019s business processes, SAP is uniquely positioned to lead our customers in their digital transformation journey. Digital business is built on new computing infrastructure\u2013 S/4 HANA as the core, plus the pillars of mobile, cloud, Big Data and analytics \u2013 accelerated by SAP Leonardo, the Internet of Things (IoT), advances in Machine Learning, and innovations like Blockchain. DBS Delivery leaders must know Fast Growth and Next Gen technology, be able to articulate E2E benefits to our SAP customers, have full command of SAP\u2019s new Delivery methodologies and business approach, and continually lead with a diversity and inclusion mindset as SAP attracts and develops digital talent for the future. The Retail Program Manager is responsible for supporting our customer\u2019s transformation strategy through the management of cloud, on-premise or hybrid implementation initiatives. Most projects will utilize Agile and rapid prototyping methodologies. The Retail Program Manager has the qualifications and business acumen to manage large scale, high risk, strategic SAP Retail projects that span organizational boundaries including multiple business units and service partners/vendors. They provide leadership to cross-functional teams responsible for delivering defined project outputs to time, budget and project quality criteria. The Retail Program Manager also ensures adherence to program management methodology practices, provides project manager mentoring, performs Program Management Reviews and reinforces the enterprise knowledge management through the communication of lessons learned and best practices development. The Retail Program Manager assists during the Bid Phase of the customer engagement by providing input into the proposal especially in the area of delivery model (e.g. SAP Activate and Agile Delivery methodology and best business practices), project structure, organization, scoping, estimation and risk assessment. The Retail Program Manager has ability to manage complex projects or programs that require coordination of work between various parties such as: third party sub-contractors, SAP Custom Development, SAP Global Delivery, SAP Active Global Support. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES & TASKS Opportunity Management + Ensure that the delivery model proposed by the solutioning center will correctly support the defined project objectives and requirements + Ensure that the scope and estimate of the engagement is correctly captured in the SOW + Developing and managing contracts that clearly articulate engagement scope, obligations, and commercial constructs. It also includes analyzing and executing on strategic projects, building consensus among stakeholders, ensuring alignment of project tactics with corporate strategy and communicating project goals at a strategic level as well as actively identifying and developing business opportunities. + Determine required resources for the project + Assess, document and communicate risk for the engagement + Position SAP delivery methodology \u2013 Activate, Agile, Best Business Practices and Model Company correctly with the customer and project team Delivery + Conduct the project planning activities and manage the execution of large scale, high risk, or strategic projects according to plan (Opportunity Management, Initiating to Closing) + Manage expectations on the development of solid program plans, with milestones and clear deliverables (in IT and business terms), and furthermore, proper program governance is in place to enable quick execution on the plans, handling risks, issues and objections. + Evaluate complex situations accurately and identify viable solutions that create successful outcome for the customer. + Manage relationship with project stakeholders, including internal and external clients, keeping stakeholders informed of progress and issues in order to manage expectations on all project requirements and deliverables. + Manage and communicate a clear vision of the project\u2019s objectives, and motivate the project team to achieve them; create a project environment that enables peak performance by team members. + Ensure proper use of methodology, tools and procedures + Ensures proper governance is in place to best meet project objectives + Balance the trade-off of the triple- constraint (time, cost and scope) to realize the expected business value. + Evaluates strategic options and alternatives for delivering or offering services in a more efficient or cost effective manner. + Builds customer relationships with the clear expectation to deliver follow-on business or identify opportunities within an account. Deals with difficult issues at the customer and finds win-win solutions for both Customer and SAP. + Proactively manage all contract terms, including changes in work scope, timeline, and obligations and ensure appropriate planning measures are taken with internal and external stakeholders to formalize and administer contract changes. + Manage the financial aspects of the project: budgeting and estimate to actual variance. + Analyze risk, establish contingency plans ad identify trigger events and responsibilities for initiating mitigating action. + Communicate and/or escalate project issues early to account management and delivery management. + Determine what constitutes successful closure for all parties. Gain acceptance and sign-off by all parties when closure is attained. + Plan and execute formal Quality Gate process following the Q-Gate approach in ASAP methodology. + Proactively manage project stakeholder satisfaction to position and secure customer reference and success story. + Proven ability to manage fixed price projects + Proven ability to manage S/4 projects + Deep implementation experience utilizing Agile and SCRUM methodologies Coaching and Mentoring + Organize Agile workshops and ensure team is trained to execute their roles + Perform Project Management Reviews and mentor project managers on project management methodology, standards and processes. + Coach to clarify assignments and deliverables to project team; review quality of work and manage integration of team members\u2019 work; provide performance input to project team members\u2019 functional management. + Takes responsibility from time to time as team lead and supports respective line manager(s) in people development tasks + Hold customer and team accountable, initiating performance improvement conversations as necessary + Partners closely with the Senior Project Manager to coach and support the application of project management and SAP methodology (Activate) to guide projects through various project stages. The Program Manager must demonstrate broad as well as in-depth knowledge of SAP products and solutions. + The Program Manager will be responsible for mentoring other Project Managers Knowledge Management + Maintain project documentation and updates to relevant knowledge management bases; analyze lessons learned and share with the organization\u2019s project management community. + Participate in the development of project management best practices. COMPETENCIES & SKILLS Functional Experience + Excellent understanding of SAP digital, cloud, and innovation solutions and how to apply them to maximize client value + 6-8 years of program management experience in large scale, high risk, or strategic projects. + Retail leader with specific knowledge of SAP Retail, FMS, CAR and Retail Financial Solutions + Demonstrated experience leading cross functional teams within a formalized methodology and practical experience in applying SAP templates and methods, including Activate + Demonstrated expertise in creating and maintaining project deliverables such as, project charter, project management plan, status reports, project timesheets, communications plan, budget and schedule. + The role serves as a trusted advisor on the project strategy and implementation of the product roadmap, promoting customer satisfaction throughout the sales, implementation, and post go-live phases + Demonstrated experience in managing issues, scope and quality while bring projects to successful completion within the cost and time requirements. + Demonstrated track record working with clients, Big 4 experience is a plus International Experience + Some level of international implementation experience is desirable Management and Leadership Experience + Projects are generally in the range of $5-10 million, span multiple countries, and up to 2 service lines as well as require remote resources (global delivery or distributed organization). + Program Managers may also lead smaller projects if the implementation involves a new product or is in a new service line or industry. + The Program Manager will provide leadership at the business level + The Program Manager may be asked to remediate projects that are at risk or have implementation issues + Management experience of medium to large size, heavily matrixed and multilayered teams is desirable (up to 25 team members) + Experience in managing project or department P&L + Cultural awareness and experience working across different cultures and nationalities + Strong leadership and people management skills are required + Communicate with team and customers to build credibility and ensure all parties are informed of the strategy, major issues and dependencies + Leading in a matrix organization and without formal authority is required + Must exhibit strong verbal and written communication skills and have the ability to alter message and communication style to resonate with the target audience, including C-level executives EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS + Required undergraduate university degree, preferably in commerce, engineering, information technologies or equivalent training and job experience. + Master\u2019s degree, preferably in finance, or MBA an asset PROFESSIONAL TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS + Required undergraduate university degree, preferably in commerce, engineering, information technologies or equivalent training and job experience. + Master\u2019s degree, preferably in commerce, engineering, information technologies or MBA an asset + Current PMP certification and /or other industry and project management certifications + Project Leadership Excellence (PLEX) or similar interpersonal skills course + SAP Solution Manager 7.2 certification for Project Managers (web assessment) + MS Project Orange Belt Certification + Agile or SCRUM certification highly preferred TRAVEL + This position requires up to 100% travel WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you\u2019re searching for a company that\u2019s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment \u2013 apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: C at mailto:Careers@sap.com areers@sap.com at mailto:Careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: Virtual - USA "
}