{
    "Body": " Product Manager Business Critical at Cisco RTP, NC ?? About the Job Product Manager Business Critical + Location: RTP, North Carolina, US + Additional Location(s) San Jose + Area of Interest Customer Experience + Job Type Professional + Technology Interest *None + Job Id 1293248 What You\u2019ll Do This role is responsible for portfolio simplification and transformation leading to a set of offers that map to the CX Racetrack Lifecycle, growing recurring revenue, and improving adoption and renewals. You'll manage the assigned services portfolio, continuously working to validate and improve the defined services and pricing strategy, and finding critical \"white space\" to differentiate Cisco in the market and maintain the portfolio roadmap, such that CX metrics are attained (bookings, revenue, margin, ARR, etc.). Other Responsibilities Include: + Driving interlock with the BE Product Management, early in product development lifecycles, to ensure the roadmap is understood and field feedback is taken into account + Actively support interlock and adoption motions for key customers + Define core \u201cstrategic partner\u201d relationships for co-development opportunities + Investigate and understand customer and competitive trends, challenges and needs, and transform them into a bold service portfolio that delivers genuine business outcomes, value and differentiation to our customers; ability to predict market and customer trends + Ensure regional nuances and compliance requirements and ensure they are appropriately incorporated into the portfolio + Maintain a detailed knowledge of the competitive landscape including new players, acquisition activities, new product and services launches, etc.; ensures this knowledge is packaged for consumption by delivery leadership and any recommended portfolio adjustments are clearly outlined + Liaise with marketing and PR, ensuring a complete set of collateral is in place and of high quality for all core offers + Ensure effective interlock with regional and delivery management, and CX Operations, supporting methodology development, training, and all activities required to drive revenue + Enable interlock with sales management, Business Development Managers (BDMs), and field enablement, actively participating in go to market development, collateral, SKU strategy and CSDM process, sales training, and all activities required to drive bookings + Define innovation initiatives, to support overall portfolio management, including defining the minimum viable services package required for market trials + Review and adjust profitability targets of the services portfolio within assigned markets + Regularly meet with clients, including those to whom Cisco is delivering newly defined services, to ensure market perceptions are well understood Who You\u2019ll Work With The CX Product Management teams will be responsible for the definition of the components and timing for the roadmap of the architecture-specific offer portfolio, ensuring tight alignment with Cisco\u2019s product portfolio and roadmap. Ensuring interlock with appropriate BE(s), New Product leadership, and delivery and sales management are critical to success, as are deep insight into customer trends, challenges and needs. You will collaborate with other SPMs, and the cross-technology strategy team, to ensure cross-technology alignments are defined and communicated in a clear and simple manner. You will also work with the Customer Success & Business Development Alignment function, regional delivery management, and Partner teams to support the partner strategy core offerings in the portfolio, and track success over time, adjusting as required. Who You Are To be successful you'll cultivate an executive presence and bring a strong mix of product management and customer experience specific acumen coupled with strategic vision and flawless execution. You will be the champion and advocate for the portfolio with sales, the field generally, and customers. You are detail oriented, highly organized and adaptable to a changing environment. You have strong analytical abilities and have a comprehensive understanding of business processes and campaign strategy. You have the ability to collaborate, lead and work under pressure in a fast-paced matrixed organization. Minimum Qualifications + You've achieved a Bachelor's degree, with Masters\u2019 degree strongly preferred + You have a minimum of 15 years' dynamic experience in Product Management in marketing, product management, strategy or consulting role + Demonstrated experience in portfolio management or product management + A solid understanding of the Cisco Architectures, customer needs, Cisco and competitor technologies, and industry trends + A solid understanding of the Cisco portfolio + Demonstrated ability to negotiate and influence actions of team members outside of function + Strategic, critical but creative thinker with strong business sense + You love to lead, craft and work within cross-functional team environments + You are passionate about developing and coaching a high performance team focused on accountability and meeting and exceeding expectations Desired Skills + Ability to identify, prioritize and deliver measurable results using frameworks and sound business practices, understanding cross-functional dependencies + Strong business and technical writing skills, coupled with outstanding presentation abilities + Well-developed teamwork, collaboration and project management skills + Change agent with high degree of passion and positive attitude Why Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \u201cold\u201d (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do \u2013 you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \u201cDigital Transformation\u201d is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. This is a Sourcing Position and is not a current live role. The purpose of this position is for new roles that are expected to open soon. #LI-JF2 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6F3E59B1B5FC5BF547F15C8F74E553A1", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, analytical, frameworks, compliance, collaboration, product manager, business development, machine learning, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "NC", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Product-Manager-Business-Critical-RTP-NC-US-Cisco/2e0fec28-5295-47d0-b335-91b09776abeb", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/product-manager-business-critical-rtp-nc-us-cisco/2e0fec28-5295-47d0-b335-91b09776abeb"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20frameworks", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20frameworks", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Product Manager Business Critical job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/product-manager-business-critical-rtp-nc-us-cisco/2e0fec28-5295-47d0-b335-91b09776abeb"
}
