{
    "Body": " Director of Engineering - Next Gen Digital Investing App at Forbes Media Jersey City, NJ ???????????? About the Job Description Title: Director of Engineering Type of Hire: Experienced Who are we? We are a bunch of AI quants trying to change the retail investing game. No, really, we are trying to change the investing world by challenging the existing paradigm for individuals like you. Why should ONLY the big investment banks and elite hedge funds have access to recent advancements in quantitative and AI investing? We are trying to help the average person invest and save through the power of AI. Why should someone like you be forced to settle? We don't think you should. Your money matters too! What is our culture? We have a team-oriented culture built on mutual respect, integrity, accountability, and doing the right thing. Trying to challenge the investment titans is serious, but we also try to have fun 24/7. It is hard for us to contain our excitement about how AI can change the investing game for the retail investor. We never settle and are always hustling. Most importantly, we never stop dreaming and are ALWAYS looking to disrupt! What are we trying to do? We are creating consumer-facing financial products to help individuals invest and save better. With the help of smart algorithms, we think individual investors can realize some excellent returns in their portfolios. Stocks? ETFs? Options? Cryptocurrencies? We do it all and even more! Why throw darts at a stock market dartboard? Let our AI algorithms crunch the numbers so that individual investors like you can make the trade! What kind of benefits do you get if you join our team? Free Insurance coverage to an excellent insurance plan! Medical, Dental, Vision, etc\u2026, we cover it all! Pay Half of the Insurance Coverage for your Family $100 monthly stipend to the Food Court $150 monthly Health & Wellness coverage to use for gym memberships, massages, and even your Peloton subscription! $125 monthly coverage for commuter transportation to and from our office Discounts to Broadway Plays, Theme Parks, Ski Lifts\u2026you even get discounts on Apple Products! Equity too! What is your role? You will be heading up the Engineering team at Quantalytics AI Labs. You will be responsible for the development and launch of the new investing product from Quantalytics AI Labs, managing and maintaining our corporate website, and assisting with any technology-related issues surrounding the launch of other Quantalytics AI Labs digital products. In your role as Director of Engineering, you will be working directly with the Founder/ CEO to bring the Quantalytics project to life. You will be expected to take ownership of the technical definition, architecture, and quality assurance for new software product development and scaling & sustaining activities. In this capacity, you will be expected to help onboard an engineering team to support the launch of new Quantalytics products. Who are you? #codinglife isn't just your favorite twitter hashtag, it is a way of life You have already launched and scaled other high-quality software products from beginning to end Excited about how AI technology can change the way people invest You think it would be cool if we built our blockchain just for fun You are fascinated by investment markets You LOVE Building New Apps Happy Curious Helpful Accountable Team Player Personal Competencies: Possess extensive knowledge of complex private and public APIs Ability to manage complex projects and teams Extensive Experience in Front-end development with Full Stack Capabilities Experience with Machine Learning is preferred too! Extensive coding experience in PHP, Java, Ruby, Javascript / NodeJS, Python, Angular and React It would be great if you have some experience with Go Lang too! Solid understanding and experience with search database technology, security, data science, data analytics, server-side technology, and/or DevOps Extensive knowledge of current product best-practice in Consumer Tech and FinTech spaces Can lead and thrive a multidisciplinary team made up of members with diverse backgrounds Understands agile and SCRUM development processes UI/UX Ability to design functional and reliable APIs Ability to prioritize workloads and meet deadlines Must have a strong focus on KPIs and other productivity metrics Excellent interpersonal and written/spoken communication skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented Strong analytical orientation and organizational skills Document everything A methodical approach to all tasks Fluent English speaker Responsibilities: Work directly with Founder/CEO to develop and launch a new investing product for Quantalytics AI Labs Oversee the engineering team responsible for application development, API infrastructure, and other cloud services Ensure quality assurance infrastructure can scale to meet the breadth of development activity that is fueling the business's explosive growth Communicate and work collaboratively with the rest of the leadership team Create an innovative engineering culture of technology innovation and excellence, characterized as highly collaborative, execution-focused, members first, high velocity, and best in class. Requirements: 5-10+ years of professional experience in consumer-centric software development Must have some experience in eCommerce, wealth management, or online trading Extensive experience with public and private APIs Extensive experience with cloud technologies, SOA architectures, and agile development practices with a track record of driving innovation and results in a fast-paced environment. Strong track record of successfully launching and scaling digital products Passionate about using technology and big data to make investing easier We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply for this job ", 
    "CompanyName": "Forbes Media", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "6F4A33EA03016A4EA7873F57652B6B6E", 
    "KeyTerms": "trading, algorithms, analytical, financial, react, nodejs, cryptocurrencies, artificial intelligence, ui ux, cloud, java, data science, devops, big data, python, cloud services, data analytics, hedge funds, machine learning, javascript, ruby, application development, angular, full stack, scrum, agile", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Jersey City, New Jersey, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Director-of-Engineering-Next-Gen-Digital-Investing-App-Jersey-City-NJ-US-Forbes-Media/ef6401d9-0e34-4162-9cf7-d9969ef3ed5a", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/director-of-engineering-next-gen-digital-investing-app-jersey-city-nj-us-forbes-media/%2Fforbes-media%2Fj%2F016D70D0B2%2Fapply%2F", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/director-of-engineering-next-gen-digital-investing-app-jersey-city-nj-us-forbes-media/ef6401d9-0e34-4162-9cf7-d9969ef3ed5a"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Director of Engineering - Next Gen Digital Investing App job at Forbes Media | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/director-of-engineering-next-gen-digital-investing-app-jersey-city-nj-us-forbes-media/ef6401d9-0e34-4162-9cf7-d9969ef3ed5a"
}
