{
    "Body": " Growth Compliance Partner at Gaurdian Life Insurance Company of America New York-New York, NY ?? About the Job Description?? Looking for your next adventure??? Are you an adventure-seeking risk taker? Do you want to have a meaningful impact and work in a fast-paced, stimulating work environment? ?? Guardian Direct??, a well-capitalized Insurtech venture based in Hudson Yards, is looking for a Growth Compliance Partner.?? We are energized by our mission to create an exceptional digital marketplace that will respond to the ever-changing landscape of consumer needs.?? You\u2019ll be a valued member of a team of marketers, designers, engineers, product experts, and data strategists working together to realize this vision.?? You will have the chance to merge the rapid growth and innovation of digital marketing, advertising and brand strategies with an evolving regulatory, legal and compliance framework. ?? Guardian Direct?? is a separately operated venture backed by Guardian Life Insurance Company whose mission, rich history, values, and financial strength make this a unique opportunity. ?? Do you want to join us on our adventure? ?? What you\u2019ll get to do: ?? ?? Be a key partner in the growth of a digital direct to consumer business. Effectively manage and deliver high volume advertising and marketing material review. Develop a clear, concise and executable advertising compliance framework for a digital direct to consumer channel. Educate the team on all aspects of compliance advertising and marketing to continually improve the process and increase technology deployment and speed to publish. Interpret, recommend, and implement responses to regulatory rules, guidelines, and developments. Research emerging compliance practices in digital marketing, Insurtech, insurance and financial services. Collaborate with enterprise product development, law and compliance partners. Prepare reports and reviews of business advertising compliance. Be lean in how you operate, always improving, always aligned to the bigger picture. Be obsessed with the customer and the relevant framework that informs strategy and direction. ?? ?? What you bring to the table: ?? ?? Four to six years of experience in advertising compliance, preferably in direct to consumer insurance, digital marketing, Insurtech, Fintech or Martech environment. Exposure to the compliance and regulatory requirements of AI, blockchain and mobile automation A Bachelor\u2019s Degree is required.?? A J.D. is preferred but not required. Excitement, energy, and excellent communication skills. A nimble approach to thinking strategically and rolling up your sleeves to get great work done. Experience in a startup or venture-like operating model is preferred. FINRA Series 6 and Series 26, CLU, CHFC, CFP and/or FLMI are preferred but not required. ???? Qualifications?? We offer: ?? ?? Leadership development, skill building, and team-oriented environments that help you reach your potential. Competitive compensation package. Excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision benefits for you and your dependents with day one eligibility. Life and disability insurance. 401(k) with generous company match. Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care. Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and creativity. A culture where doing the right thing, social responsibility, inclusiveness, and community involvement matter. ?? ?? Guardian has been helping people protect their futures and secure their lives for more than 150 years. Every day, we serve approximately 27 million people through a range of insurance and financial products. As one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we know what matters most: putting the needs of our customers first. Because everyone deserves a Guardian. Learn more about Guardian at??www.GuardianLife.com Guardian is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law. ?? Copyright 2020 The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY.?? ??#GuardianFinance?? ", 
    "CompanyName": "Gaurdian Life Insurance Company of America", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "7171F597AC5BCCF0763BE64EDFF4F9BD", 
    "KeyTerms": "insurtech, marketplace, compliance, financial, startup, collaboration, advertising, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Growth-Compliance-Partner-New-York-New-York-NY-US-Gaurdian-Life-Insurance-Company-of-America/7c3633bf-f91d-440e-b985-5039c2f235f4", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/growth-compliance-partner-new-york-new-york-ny-us-gaurdian-life-insurance-company-of-america/7c3633bf-f91d-440e-b985-5039c2f235f4", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/growth-compliance-partner-new-york-new-york-ny-us-gaurdian-life-insurance-company-of-america/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.guardianlife.com%2F"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Growth Compliance Partner job at Gaurdian Life Insurance Company of America | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/growth-compliance-partner-new-york-new-york-ny-us-gaurdian-life-insurance-company-of-america/7c3633bf-f91d-440e-b985-5039c2f235f4"
}
