{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/QA-QC-Manager-Jacksonville-FL-Jacksonville-FL-US-Ferrovial-Services/d2d8361f-661f-46e6-8a43-abda6d800ed7",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/qa-qc-manager-jacksonville-fl-jacksonville-fl-us-ferrovial-services/d2d8361f-661f-46e6-8a43-abda6d800ed7"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "QA / QC Manager - Jacksonville, FL job at Ferrovial Services | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "718DC4EC3CE19484E085782953FE68FC",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/qa-qc-manager-jacksonville-fl-jacksonville-fl-us-ferrovial-services/d2d8361f-661f-46e6-8a43-abda6d800ed7",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " QA / QC Manager - Jacksonville, FL at Ferrovial Services Jacksonville, FL   About the Job About us Ferrovial Services North America is a leading company providing Oil & Gas and Infrastructure solutions across the United States and Canada. Its portfolio includes 35 outstanding contracts, such as Port Miami Tunnel and maintenance of the Chevron refineries in California. With more than 1,500 employees and a presence in 14 states, Ferrovial Services North America, generates true value and growth for its clients while maintaining a strong commitment to safety and social responsibility. Position Summary Assist the Project Manager and/or QA/QC Coordinator with project level monitoring, reporting and compliance of company\u2019s Quality Management Plan. Compliance will entail the creation of monthly Quality Assurance reviews and the execution of Quality Control field reviews to ensure current processes and measures and their related outcomes are aligned with both the corporate Quality Management Plan and contractual requirements as identified by the client. Primary Duties and Responsibilities Carry out audits as required verifying compliance of the contract operations with the contract and the contract quality plan. Review submissions to the corporate office for completeness and accuracy. Ensure that services provided are in compliance with approved performance standards. Participate in and promote the corporate Continuous Improvement program. Assists PM to determine best management practice for managing administrative processes in order to maximize efficiency and effectiveness. Initiate actions to prevent the occurrence of non-conformities in processes and systems. Maintain the administrative requirements of the Project Performance Review criteria Perform QA and QC field reviews of required client inspections and reports for signs, guardrails, call boxes, attenuators, maintenance management reporting, quality and accuracy of RCI update data, and will assist in the field inspection and data collection process associated with annual and ongoing NPDES reporting requirements. Ensure the accurate and timely completion and entry of all data relative to the Quality Management system and related reports and operational management documents and processes. Ensure subcontractors and others have a clear understanding of the Complete Quality Process requirements. Prepare high quality project reports as required. As a minimum this will include monthly performance reports and annual contract compliance reports and will involve the application of strong analytical and communicative skills. Work closely with PM on development and administration of policies ensuring company core values. Act as liaison for all vendors and contractors to assure quality customer service as well as prompt payments Maintains Bridge, Sign Structure and Non-Structural deficiency files, Adopt-A-Highway and Memorial Marker Programs, and makes sure that the work is done to the client\u2019s time specifications. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Working knowledge of Client and Corporate policies and regulations to ensure duties are performed in a quality manner. Advanced working knowledge of Operational Management and Quality Assurance and Quality Control Systems and related Operational Management support systems Advanced Working experience in the use and application of Microsoft Excel and other software products in the Microsoft Office Suite Ability to multitask, use resources effectively and meet scheduled deadlines is essential. Strong math and interpersonal skills with emphasis on oral and written communications Ability to recognize hazards inherent in routine and non-routine tasks and make adjustments to avoid loss, injury or accident. Education and Experience High School Diploma or GED (Required) Highway related work experience Experience in contract and sub-contractor management preferred Valid driver\u2019s license and acceptable driving record (Required) to drive a company vehicle, DOT certifications (Highly Desirable) Work Conditions / Physical Demands While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be expected to spend 50% of their time in a field environment with equal time in an office environment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Must practice safe work methods to remain accident and injury free. You will be required to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) appropriate to your job. Additional Information Other duties (not listed) may be assigned to this job at any time. Safety comes first!  Required to complete work in a safe, efficient and accurate manner. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Must demonstrate Ferrovial Values:  Respect, Integrity, Collaboration, Excellence and Innovation. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER \u2013 M/W/V/D   Should a review of your background indicate a potential match to our job, our team will reach out.   We do not accept resumes from external staffing agencies or independent recruiters for any of our openings unless otherwise directed by our HR \u2013 Recruiting Department. Please do not forward resumes to our hiring managers or regional offices. Ferrovial Services N.A., is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications. "
}