{
    "Body": " AVP, Risk and Controls Officer at Silvergate Bank La Jolla, CA 92037 ???????????? About the Job Silvergate helps innovative entrepreneurs within the financial technology, blockchain and digital currency industries to realize their dreams. Our team of professionals provide consulting and banking services for venture backed and private equity clients that are daring enough to build legendary companies. The AVP, Risk and Controls Officer will be responsible for implementing the Bank\u2019s risk assessment framework and maintaining current and relevant risk and control assessments across the enterprise. This role will be the primary party responsible for identifying, measuring, and monitoring risks and controls and????????????must maintain strong working relationships with Silvergate staff at all levels. Additionally, this role will support the risk committee reporting needs and the general risk management information systems. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES General Regularly meet and communicate with subject matter experts and perform risk and control assessments Maintain risk management information systems and risk and control libraries Establish and maintain key risk indicators and incident reports Develop and maintain operational procedures for risk management activities Report regularly into the various risk committees of the Bank Maintain current knowledge of all federal and state laws and regulations, along with the Company\u2019s policies and procedures Must adhere to the Company\u2019s core values of Challenge Convention, Do What\u2019s Right, Take Ownership, Empower People, Exceed Expectations, and Cultivate Awesome all while keeping our \u201cWhy?\u201d front of mind. Our Why? Silvergate is the banking platform for innovators, and we believe in the power of entrepreneurs to create prosperity for our communities Not to harm consumers with any act that could be misleading, unfair, deceptive, or abusive in act or practice Job Dimensions???????????? Must perform daily duties with an awareness of time management, efficiency, and preservations of company assets and resources. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Must have a bachelor\u2019s degree. Must be detail-oriented and have the ability to prioritize and reprioritize tasks throughout the day. Must have the ability to keep many parties updated, and communication must be consistent and concise. Must have the ability to focus on immediate tasks and meet deadlines yet handle several issues simultaneously. Must be proficient in the use of Excel; Word; Outlook; Adobe Acrobat, and the Internet. Knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint is most helpful. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are a requirement. At least 4 years\u2019 risk management experience at a financial institution. BANK SECRECY ACT REQUIREMENTS Responsible for adhering to the reporting and recordkeeping requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering rules and regulations, observing economic sanctions by prohibiting transactions as specified by the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), following the Company\u2019s customer identification program (CIP) rules, observing all Company policies and procedures relating to BSA, OFAC, CIP, and related acts, and participation in ongoing related training. WORK CONDITIONS Standard office environment with a moderate noise level PHYSICAL DEMANDS While performing the duties of this job, the employee is: Regularly required to talk or hear Occasionally required to stand; walk Required to sit for long periods and reach with hands and arms Occasionally required to lift up to 25 pounds Able to read documents, computer screens, reports, other communications and have the ability to adjust focus and close vision Management reserves the right to add to, change and revise this description at any time.???????????? This description does not include any marginal functions that are incidental to the essential functions.???????????? Also, it does not imply that these are the only tasks to be performed by the incumbent.???????????? Employees are required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related tasks requested by their supervisor.???????????? Any requirement may be modified to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. Silvergate is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vet ", 
    "CompanyName": "Silvergate Bank", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "7656703248842AA0E5230037056C8B1A", 
    "KeyTerms": "risk management, financial, information systems, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "La Jolla, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/AVP-Risk-Controls-Officer-La-Jolla-CA-US-Silvergate-Bank/921a0fc4-8141-4ba4-9367-a2af9600fb83", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/avp-risk-controls-officer-la-jolla-ca-us-silvergate-bank/921a0fc4-8141-4ba4-9367-a2af9600fb83"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "AVP, Risk and Controls Officer job at Silvergate Bank | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/avp-risk-controls-officer-la-jolla-ca-us-silvergate-bank/921a0fc4-8141-4ba4-9367-a2af9600fb83"
}
