{
    "Body": " Device Design and Modeling Engineer at IBM ALBANY, NY ?? About the Job Introduction At IBM Research, we invent things that matter to the world. Today, we are pioneering the most promising and disruptive technologies that will transform industries and society, including the future of AI, Blockchain and Quantum Computing. We are driven to discover. Your Role and Responsibilities We are seeking an experienced predictive modeling/TCAD engineer who has previous work experience modeling semiconductor devices, specifically logic transistors. This individual will need to model devices and apply the resulting models toward performance understanding. This individual will also work directly with compact modeling, device, and integration engineers to jointly create experimental plans and set expectations for future results. You should have the following skills \u2022 Knowledge of TCAD simulation, particularly Synopsys Sentaurus suite \u2022 Knowledge of Compact Modeling methodologies and simulation of circuit performance \u2022 Knowledge of device testing methodologies for memory and CMOS devices. \u2022 Competency in computer programming languages including C++, PERL, Python, and Linux. \u2022 The ability to efficiently multi-task is essential in this role. You must be willing to relocate/work in Albany, NY. The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Required Technical and Professional Expertise \u2022 Minimum 3 years of experience with modeling semiconductor devices in a technology development environment \u2022 Knowledge of device physics, particularly logic devices, as well as relevant performance metrics and testing conditions. \u2022 Knowledge of semiconductor processing methods and tools. \u2022 Experience understanding experimental design and results interpretation \u2022 Strong written and verbal communication skills. \u2022 The ability to work in a fast paced, highly diverse, team environment Must have a minimum MS degree in electrical engineering/computer science or applied physics from a fully accredited college or university. Preferably PhD level degree in electrical engineering/computer science/Applied Physics Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise \u2022 5+ years of experience modeling semiconductor devices in a technology development environment \u2022 Knowledge of leading edge logic devices (FinFET and beyond), and design considerations for applications such as logic, SRAM and other functional circuits. \u2022 Familiarity with Compact Modeling methodologies and tools \u2022 Knowledge of statistical analysis and formatting of large numeric datasets \u2022 Experience in a leadership role driving projects across a multi-functional team About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. About IBM The IBM Research Division conducts scientific research and develops technologies and processes for use with IBM products and customer applications. IBM Research has produced leading contributions to the technology underlying IBM's product portfolio, as well as to the world of science and the entire IT industry. For more information please visit www.research.ibm.com. The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "769206975458F917313B2DE7035478C8", 
    "KeyTerms": "python, disruptive, compliance, quantum computing, linux, disruptive technologies, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Albany, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Device-Design-Modeling-Engineer-ALBANY-NY-US-IBM/58643477-e29b-49e0-b82a-20435a717357", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/device-design-modeling-engineer-albany-ny-us-ibm/58643477-e29b-49e0-b82a-20435a717357"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20circuit", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20circuit", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Device Design and Modeling Engineer job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/device-design-modeling-engineer-albany-ny-us-ibm/58643477-e29b-49e0-b82a-20435a717357"
}
