{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/VP-Information-Technology-Columbus-OH-US-Zengistics/1a5ddec1-9375-4761-9811-e929eb0b2fab",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-information-technology-columbus-oh-us-zengistics/%2Fzengistics%2Fj%2F7747BD9B59%2Fapply%2F",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-information-technology-columbus-oh-us-zengistics/1a5ddec1-9375-4761-9811-e929eb0b2fab"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "VP, Information Technology job at Zengistics | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "7AFABB1996880B0C1B091CFEF264F87A",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-information-technology-columbus-oh-us-zengistics/1a5ddec1-9375-4761-9811-e929eb0b2fab",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " VP, Information Technology at Zengistics Columbus, OH   About the Job Description Zengistics is a leading-edge, technology-centric logistics company offering efficient solutions to complex supply chain challenges. Zengistics is focused on delivering the highest level of customer service by leveraging our advanced technology platforms with our dedicated team of industry experts. We provide data-driven solutions to optimize our customer\u2019s supply chain by practicing proactive communication and maximizing efficiency for scalable growth. Complete transparency into our established network eliminates the stress of moving freight and creates opportunities to collaborate nationwide. Zengistics is a dynamic, growing company that prioritizes individual development and provides growth opportunities for our aspiring leaders. Our company is made up of ambitious, driven, enthusiastic players that are excited and eager to leave their mark on our growing organization. The VP, Information Technology... Zengistics is a leading technology-based logistics firm championing the evolution of the market. The VP, Information Technology will be a member of the leadership team and be responsible for the technology strategy and implementation at Zengistics. It will be a central function of this position to make enterprise level decisions on how we use external technology to continue driving all aspects of the business. This person will optimize and integrate the current technology with additional enterprise systems to align with the defined technology strategy. Once decisions are finalized and systems have been procured and negotiated for, this person will be responsible for the implementation and integration process of all enterprise systems. The successful integration of our systems will be used to bolster the value of our technology to our customer\u2019s supply chain, and continue to position Zengistics as a leader in the next generation of logistics providers. Responsible for overall information technology infrastructure, planning, and execution. Determine long-term needs in line with company strategy for innovation, performance excellence, and customer satisfaction. Evaluate current and emerging enterprise collaboration and transportation systems as well as optimize the existing infrastructure. Evaluate and implement leading technologies including AI and Blockchain. Drive technology innovation for the company and within the industry. Collaborate with existing technology partners to optimize the company's utilization of their solutions. Lead focused team of IT execution professionals. Requirements An experienced professional with 6-10 years of technology implementation within a dynamic and growing customer-focused organization. Experience in the transportation and logistics industry required. Mastered the process of evaluating company needs and selecting appropriate technologies based upon effectiveness and cost considerations. Extensive knowledge and exposure with current information system architectures and emerging technologies. A hands-on leader comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and distributed organization. A college graduate holding a Bachelor\u2019s Degree. Benefits Earn a competitive salary with bonus opportunities. Excel in your career with our advancement opportunities for outstanding performers. Invest in your future with our 401(k) retirement plan including an employer match. Take advantage of our phenomenal medical, vision, and dental benefits. Culture Be part of an essential industry that is transforming to support the economy of the future. High-performance culture focused on empowerment, innovation, and leadership. Location and telecommuting flexibility. Be a part of our growing team that was voted one of the best places to work in the Austin American Statesman for 2018. Location is flexible for this position. The ideal candidate will be located in Columbus, Cincinnati, Austin, Chicago, or Denver. Zengistics is headquartered in Austin, TX. If all of this resonates with you and you\u2019d like the opportunity to interview with Zengistics, don\u2019t hesitate to apply today! Apply for this job "
}