{
    "Body": " Wholesale Payments, Interbank Information Network (IIN), Head of Member Experience, Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. New York, NY 10001 ???????????? About the Job Wholesale Payments J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments is one of the world's largest, most trusted and innovative full-service providers of domestic and international cash management, liquidity, commercial card, merchant acquiring and processing FX and escrow solutions. With more than 135,000 corporations, financial institutions, public sector agencies and non-government clients in over 180 countries across the globe, we offer specialized solutions that provide operating efficiencies and value beyond other standardized solutions available in the market. The Interbank Information Network (IIN) is the world's leading platform shaping the future of commerce between banks and their clients. Banks, corporates, and fintechs build applications for the blockchain-based platform that leverages access to and data from the leading banks in the world to simplify and accelerate payment services. After launching its first application in 2019, over 25 of the world's 50 largest banks have joined, and we are looking for the world's best product talent to continue growing. IIN brings access to hundreds, and soon thousands, of wholesale banks to developers around the world so that they can build the applications to serve their customers big and small. What you will be doing? You will be the driving force behind the commercialization of IIN, the world's leading blockchain platform and act as a thought leader in shaping the future of commerce. You will be accountable for managing IIN's relationship with member banks. This includes working directly with the world's largest banks to expand our participant network as well as ensuring that we continue to provide value for our existing bank partners. You will be responsible for articulating the vision of IIN to our bank partners while also understanding client needs and communicating them to the IIN leadership team. You will partner closely with the Business Development function to develop the holistic IIN ecosystem. What excites us? Proven track record of success (10+ years) in front-office roles, driving enterprise sales and managing relationships with major clients Customer obsession - focus everyday on understanding the complex needs of banks and corporate clients, and ensuring that our strategic vision and development roadmap aligns with client priorities Highly entrepreneurial - thrives managing the strategic pursuit of new network participants, selling the strategic vision of IIN Motivated by a collaborative work environment, where you're relied on to be the \"voice of the client\" in high-level, strategic discussions with senior leaders Experience managing teams and enabling, talented, team members to reach their full potential Driven by insatiable curiosity and willingness to learn - a steep learning curve doesn't scare you, but excites you! You're excited to challenge the status quo and drive change, not only in wholesale banking, but in the world of commerce more broadlyJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans ", 
    "CompanyName": "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "7D581D80E056345D65689F2F15531849", 
    "KeyTerms": "financial, asset management, business development, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Wholesale-Payments-Interbank-Information-Network-IIN-Head-of-Member-Experience-Managing-Director-New-York-NY-US-JPMorgan-Chase-Bank-N.A./56981507-538b-4b87-93a9-760ab0de4ab3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-head-of-member-experience-managing-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/56981507-538b-4b87-93a9-760ab0de4ab3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-head-of-member-experience-managing-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3Daba99429800b8fe5bea58fbc8a249b3f"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Wholesale Payments, Interbank Information Network (IIN), Head of Member Experience, Managing Director job at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-head-of-member-experience-managing-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/56981507-538b-4b87-93a9-760ab0de4ab3"
}
