{
    "Body": " Technical Project Manager, Lumedic at Providence Health & Services Seattle, WA ?? About the Job Technical Project Manager, Lumedic Job Number:??251673 Schedule:??Full-time Shift:??Day Job Category:??Project & Program Management (Non-Clinical) Location:??Washington-Seattle Providence St. Joseph Health??is calling a Technical??Project Manager, Lumedic??to our location in Seattle, WA. We are seeking a Technical Project Manager, Lumedic to??manage complex, cross-functional projects through the full project life cycle from planning through development, testing and deployment. The Project Manager actively manages scope, schedule, budget and risk to ensure projects are delivered successfully. ?? In this position you will have the following responsibilities:?? Plan, manage, monitor, and close/handover to operations for large projects with complex scope, multiple workstreams and interdependencies. Effectively manage and report on risks and mitigation, scope, budget and timelines Develop relationships and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders and cross functional teams to ensure solutions meet timeline and business objectives. Ensure all project / program tasks are clearly understood, assigned and tracked. Complete all project documentation required based on our PMO process. Engage in and communicate ideas for supporting the continuous improvement of PMO processes with a positive and constructive attitude and for developing this attitude in others. Investigate to understand stakeholders\u2019 specific needs and priorities and ensure that stated problem is the problem to be solved Set expectations regarding process and customer-focused outcomes, navigating changes that arise and escalating issues appropriately Consider stakeholders' interests relative to customer needs Uses judgment to involve other senior team members when navigating difficult stakeholder issues. Complete projects and delivers agreed results; proactively identifies and pursues new stretch targets and opportunities Identify critical program milestones, risks and options to mitigate risks Consider project needs when planning vacation time and proactively communicates availability. Strive to improve processes and ways of working by implementing reviews and continuous learning Identify valid and relevant data supporting key decisions. Define logical steps and priorities by breaking down tasks in a systematic way Assess issues by identifying likely root causes and consequences Anticipate obstacles and thinks ahead Clarify problems by driving to understand the true issue Investigate to understand where problems are likely to occur Create plan of action based on data from multiple sources inside and outside immediate area Know when and how to escalate. May not always be able to solve a problem, but understands when to escalate issues and areas of risk and obtain guidance Required??qualifications for this position include:?? Bachelor's Degree in computer science, electrical / software engineering, or business administration 3 years of project management/industry work experience.?? Able to identify required resources and gather requirements, drive a sense of common purpose and shared goals/vision, and deliver results as an outcome of ongoing or time-bound work.?? Able to distill complex data/analyses into understandable information, guidance and actions.?? Able to proactively identify areas in the organization that require strengthening (i.e. models, processes and tools).?? Strong cross-functional collaboration skills both internally and across partner teams.?? Preferred qualifications for this position include:?? Software / Technology project management experience. Familiar with Agile or SCRUM methodologies. Experience implementing or deploying software for a large enterprise preferred PMP Certification???? Lumedic Overview Lumedic is a Seattle-based healthcare technology company transforming revenue cycle management processes for modern payers and providers. From eligibility to pre-authorization to billing, Lumedic offers an end-to-end platform and intelligent network built on blockchain technology that embraces patient, payer, and provider interactions to drive more efficient operations and make smarter data-driven decisions.?? Our goals for Lumedic are ambitious, and we\u2019re continually in search of motivated, committed, and energetic people to join our mission.?? We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits \u2014 see our website for details \u2014http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits Our Mission??As expressions of God\u2019s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us??Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago.Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression,sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Providence Health & Services", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "7EB3150E63DC95244580105FC20A15F5", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, collaboration, scrum, software engineer, agile, full time, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Seattle, Washington, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Technical-Project-Manager-Lumedic-Seattle-WA-US-Providence-Health-Services/8e95998a-0e02-43ad-aa1e-dd0cb91808f4", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-project-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.providenceiscalling.jobs%2Frewards-benefits", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-project-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/8e95998a-0e02-43ad-aa1e-dd0cb91808f4"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Technical Project Manager, Lumedic job at Providence Health & Services | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-project-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/8e95998a-0e02-43ad-aa1e-dd0cb91808f4"
}
