{
    "Body": " Software Development Manager - Lumedic at Providence Health & Services Seattle, WA ???????????? About the Job Software Development Manager - Lumedic Job Number:????????????260991 Schedule:????????????Full-time Shift:????????????Day Job Category:????????????Non-Clinical Lead/Supervisor/Manager Location:????????????Washington-Seattle Providence St. Joseph Health????????????is calling a????????????Software Development Manager - Lumedic????????????to our location in Seattle, WA. Lumedic is a next-generation platform for empowering patients and providers to improve access and streamline the administration of healthcare. Built on blockchain, machine learning and a patient-centric design that transforms how healthcare is run. We\u2019re working to transform the patient experience for healthcare, and looking for team members who are as passionate about our mission as we are. We are seeking a Software Development Manager to grow and manage the engineering team that is building our platform. This role owns the integrity of our product development, ensures we are following best practices, and guides architectural decisions. Additionally, the Software Development Manager works to improve the efficiency of the system's performance while managing and mentoring engineers how to problem solve and improve the work they do with respect to quality, efficiency and collaborative communication across the organization. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: Hire and develop top talent within your own team and participate in hiring across other teams. Provide coaching on relevant competencies for the engineers in your own team and others as needed. Act as a catalyst to drive your staff\u2019s career development by providing actionable feedback, coaching and finding opportunities within and outside of your team. Drive your team to innovate and deliver roadmap features with agility and high quality. Ensure a set of development practices are followed to assure quality and long-term health of our products. Perform reviews of all designs to make sure that they address failure modes, scalability, security and are suitable for our products. Represent your team in cross-functional discussions. Work with the product and program management team to maintain a roadmap for your team. Provide operational support for the services you own. This includes acting as an escalation path to resolve issues. Make improvements to your services to improve their success. This includes performing routine review of key metrics, diving deep into significant anomalies and taking corrective actions as necessary. Promote and demonstrate the operational excellence mentality within your team. Run meetings, create and maintain timelines, and keep large, diverse groups informed of progress and obstacles. Manage engineering vendors and review deliverables to ensure that goals are being met. Requiredqualifications for this position include: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar field or 4 years of relevant software development experience OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business or similar fields or 2 years of relevant software development experience. 5 years experience in software development/engineering management positions. 10 years experience in software development. Preferred qualifications for this position include: Experience managing teams who have delivered software products Fast paced SAS experience leveraging cloud \u2013 Azure desired Strong grasp of OOD \u2013 using C# and Java???????????? Agile experience with software solutions at scale???????????? About the department you will serve. Lumedic is a Seattle-based healthcare technology company transforming revenue cycle management processes for modern payers and providers. From eligibility to pre-authorization to billing, Lumedic offers an end-to-end platform and intelligent network built on blockchain technology that embraces patient, payer, and provider interactions to drive more efficient operations and make smarter data-driven decisions. Lumedic is an equal opportunity employer and we encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. Our goals for Lumedic are ambitious, and we\u2019re continually in search of motivated, committed, and energetic people to join our mission. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits \u2014 see our website for details \u2014http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits Our Mission????????????As expressions of God\u2019s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us????????????Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago.Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression,sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Providence Health & Services", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "83772EEC37A141DB6F4B4CD8DD6BAE2F", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, genetic, agile, machine learning, health care, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Seattle, Washington, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Software-Development-Manager-Lumedic-Seattle-WA-US-Providence-Health-Services/3aafa65d-a5e8-47b7-9ca6-1f8bea01f73e", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/software-development-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/3aafa65d-a5e8-47b7-9ca6-1f8bea01f73e", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/software-development-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.providenceiscalling.jobs%2Frewards-benefits"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Software Development Manager - Lumedic job at Providence Health & Services | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/software-development-manager-lumedic-seattle-wa-us-providence-health-services/3aafa65d-a5e8-47b7-9ca6-1f8bea01f73e"
}
