{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Sr.-System-Administrator-Fairfax-VA-US-The-Computer-Merchant-Ltd/4379c952-db0e-4e09-9995-561a933ec1dc",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-system-administrator-fairfax-va-us-the-computer-merchant-ltd/4379c952-db0e-4e09-9995-561a933ec1dc"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Sr. System Administrator job at The Computer Merchant Ltd | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "8720C22E8E29469D67930DF2CC99EEB5",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-system-administrator-fairfax-va-us-the-computer-merchant-ltd/4379c952-db0e-4e09-9995-561a933ec1dc",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Sr. System Administrator at The Computer Merchant, LTD. Fairfax, VA   About the Job Reference # : 20-01147 Title : Sr. System Administrator Category: Information Technology Location : Fairfax, VA Position Type : Contract Experience Level : 6 Years Start Date : 07/01/2020   Description Job Title: Senior System Administrator Location: Fairfax, VA Job Description: Our client, a large defense contractor, has an immediate opening for a Senior System Administrator to work from their Fairfax, VA facility. Put your engineering talent to the ultimate test. Our client creates the technologies, products and services that help our service members, intelligence analysts and first responders keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced our teams often redefine what's possible for the world. If you want to be a leader with the company that delivers smart solutions for our nation's challenges, this is your opportunity. We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers' missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between. As a seasoned leader, you'll be involved with our client's decision-making process by serving as a front-line interface to users with technical issues and conducting systems analysis and development to keep systems current with changing technologies. Your duties may include installing new software, troubleshooting, granting permissions to applications and training users. You'll also be responsible for the day-to-day support of server services by performing server administration for physical and virtual server operating systems and configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting of physical and virtual hardware and network related interfaces on servers. We'll rely on you to perform, maintain, troubleshoot and conduct a complete analysis of alerts; create scripts to automate repetitive processes; and work with customers to identify, isolate, and resolve problems with servers that are affecting other services. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.   CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. What you'll experience: Technologies that aren't just top-notch, they're often top-secret A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what's next Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it's discovered What you bring to the table: A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience Advanced understanding of server based operating systems Linux including RHEL/CentOS, specifically secure environments. Virtualized and bare metal. Microsoft Windows 10 desktop and Microsoft Windows 2008/2012 Infrastructure aspects of Linux related to authentication, policy, scanning, logging, storage. Networking. Mainly Cisco, Taclanes, WANs, Subject matter expert (SME) with the ability to mentor others on administrating the server environment Enhanced troubleshooting skills within the server OS as well as both networking and storage technologies Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions What sets you apart: Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success Broad understanding of the interrelationships within the IT environment with focus on server and services Senior level knowledge of physical and virtual server support Senior level knowledge of access, permissions and security that gives the clients the access to the data they need to perform their daily activities Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled. "
}