{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Scientist-Biochemistry-Protein-Cell-Bio-Development-Center-for-Protein-Degradation-Boston-MA-US-Dana-Farber/e6a63ff4-cca1-42a2-8e99-c6392780b330",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientist-biochemistry-protein-cell-bio-development-center-for-protein-degradation-boston-ma-us-dana-farber/e6a63ff4-cca1-42a2-8e99-c6392780b330"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Scientist Biochemistry (Protein/Cell Bio/Development) - Center for Protein Degradation job at Dana Farber | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "8C361935E2DA60AD43B370F254FB5F22",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientist-biochemistry-protein-cell-bio-development-center-for-protein-degradation-boston-ma-us-dana-farber/e6a63ff4-cca1-42a2-8e99-c6392780b330",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Scientist Biochemistry (Protein/Cell Bio/Development) - Center for Protein Degradation at Dana Farber Boston, MA 02215   About the Job   The Center for Protein Degradation (CPD) seeks a highly motivated individual to join the team as a SCIENTIST who will work on various structural biology and biochemical projects focused on the development of molecular glues and degrader molecules. Join our highly interactive team of scientists and technicians to work on testing and creating new avenues of therapeutic intervention.   Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (DFCI) and Deerfield Management have entered a multi-year collaboration to create the Center for Protein Degradation (CPD) at DFCI led by Drs. Fischer and Gray.  The goals of the Center for Protein Degradation are to create a next-generation protein degrader platform and interrogate and advance a large portfolio of protein degrader targets.   This is an exceptional opportunity to join a newly founded research center that is pushing the boundaries of targeted protein degradation research and accelerating the translation of basic science into clinical solutions. This individual will be an important member of our research team and will be centrally involved in assisting various research projects primarily involving protein biochemistry. In addition to the bench-based research, responsibilities will also include some aspects of laboratory management and organization. Training is available in all aspects of experimental research.   Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals.   Responsibilities: Independently plan, manage, and perform experiments and projects.  Develop project proposals, timelines and resource needs.  Monitor milestones and ensure deliverables are completed on time. Take a lead role in the biochemistry and biology of projects. Support the needs of multiple small molecule drug discovery projects. Independently plan and perform purification strategies for recombinant proteins and protein complexes from insect, mammalian or bacterial cells. Plan experimental design and conduct assay setup Conduct Cas9 based editing in mammalian cell lines. Generate GFP/RFP stable mammalian cell lines Conduct TR-FRET, FP, ELISA assay optimization in 384 well format Conduct cellular/in-vitro HTS assay optimization. Collect and analyze experimental data and identify next steps based on outcomes Train research technicians and other scientific staff in methods/techniques and supervise on specific projects Communicate project deliverables to the leaders across the group, and other senior governance groups when necessary Interact and liaise with internal experts, external experts, academic groups, and CROs to establish and direct collaborations and projects Prepare papers and publications, if necessary Maintain clear and accurate records of experimental work (e.g., experimental methods, results/findings) Qualifications: PhD degree in biochemistry, structural biology or a related discipline with at least 2 years of relevant postdoctoral experience. Industry experience is preferred. Strong experience in protein biochemistry, protein purification and biophysical characterization. Familiarity with biophysical techniques used to assess interactions between proteins and proteins with small molecules (TR-FRET, FP, ITC, ELISA). Experience in recombinant protein expression in bacterial, insect and/or mammalian cells. Experience with purification of recombinant proteins and protein complexes. Experience in assay development (in-vitro and cellular) Experience with mammalian cell culture Experience with cellular assay optimization \u2013 viability/ELISA/Stable cell line/Cas9 editing Experience with Cas9 based design/editing of mammalian cell lines (HEK293T, HeLa, others) Experience with high content imager or Acumen is a plus. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Scientific drive, demonstrated by a proven track record of publications in peer reviewed journals Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Ability to work independently as well as in a collaborative and team environment Excellent organizational and prioritization skills. Strong attention to detail Ability to collect and analyze experimental data, prepare research publications and communicate results. Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other groups as protected by law. "
}