{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Wholesale-Payments-Interbank-Information-Network-IIN-Platform-Architect-Data-Model-Lead-Executive-Director-New-York-NY-US-JPMorgan-Chase-Bank-N.A./263c7525-87df-497a-b44b-8ab86b223419",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-architect-data-model-lead-executive-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/263c7525-87df-497a-b44b-8ab86b223419",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-architect-data-model-lead-executive-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3D7d2946e42a9768adf6b324fb56fb7c44"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=20",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Wholesale Payments, Interbank Information Network (IIN), Platform Architect - Data Model Lead- Executive Director job at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "8E5E88C8319E819BEE38165FF619029E",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/wholesale-payments-interbank-information-network-iin-platform-architect-data-model-lead-executive-director-new-york-ny-us-jpmorgan-chase-bank-n-a/263c7525-87df-497a-b44b-8ab86b223419",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Wholesale Payments, Interbank Information Network (IIN), Platform Architect - Data Model Lead- Executive Director at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. New York, NY 10001   About the Job Wholesale Payments J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments is one of the world's largest, most trusted and innovative full-service providers of domestic and international cash management, liquidity, commercial card, merchant acquiring and processing FX and escrow solutions. With more than 135,000 corporations, financial institutions, public sector agencies and non-government clients in over 180 countries across the globe, we offer specialized solutions that provide operating efficiencies and value beyond other standardized solutions available in the market The Interbank Information Network (IIN) is the world's leading platform shaping the future of commerce between banks and their clients. Banks, corporates, and fintechs build applications for the blockchain-based platform that leverages access to and data from the leading banks in the world to simplify and accelerate payment services. After launching its first application in 2019, over 25 of the world's 50 largest banks have joined, and we are looking for the world's best product talent to continue growing. IIN brings access to hundreds, and soon thousands, of wholesale banks to developers around the world so that they can build the applications to serve their customers big and small. What you will be doing? Do you like to Architect large scale mission critical solutions that are Always On and scaling faster than you ever thought possible? Do you feel most comfortable sitting where cutting edge global scale system architecture, software development, Data and enterprise systems and tools intersect? Are you curious about how things break, so that you can eliminate these failure modes? You will be responsible for ensuring that we have the optimal data model and architecture in place. Full stop! You know that it needs to be extensible, stable, and secure enough for banks to use while still being able to scale and accomplish things you never thought possible. You understand that we don't even know the full potential of our platform, but you are the person to lead us in ensuring that our underlying data model can get us there. What excites us? Proven track record of success (10+ years) leading complex software engineering and architecture initiatives where building and managing data models was paramount Strategic thinker - have the ability to conceptualize the big picture, prioritize, and connect the dots across business areas to ensure we develop the highest impact solutions for our clients Strong understanding of app &data architectures and cloud native patterns for development and mastery of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Command of enterprise architecture, design and business processes with ability to design reusable patterns to deploy and modernize applications, provide governance around adoption, influence application development teams on roadmaps & designs Expertise in working in partnership with colleagues throughout the firm, and in leading collaborative teams to achieve common goals Deep understanding of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) philosophy, Chaos Engineering, technologies, platforms and tools, SLA management, incident resolution, and automation Hands on experience on managing operations of large scale internet-centric Data environments for application or data services serving tens to millions of end users Driven by insatiable curiosity and willingness to learn - a steep learning curve doesn't scare you, but excites you! And Excited about building the future of Transactional banking from the \"ground up\" - you want to be a part of a growing team within JPM that challenges the status quoJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans "
}