{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/RN-PRN-Night-Medsurg-Central-Phoenix-AZ-US-Abrazo-Central-Campus/e16cf348-9026-4890-8d0e-80f5969c78e1",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-prn-night-medsurg-central-phoenix-az-us-abrazo-central-campus/e16cf348-9026-4890-8d0e-80f5969c78e1"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "RN PRN Night Medsurg Central job at Abrazo Central Campus | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "933AE2E6A8A69CED9FB4EEBA5D1A2A32",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-prn-night-medsurg-central-phoenix-az-us-abrazo-central-campus/e16cf348-9026-4890-8d0e-80f5969c78e1",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " RN PRN Night Medsurg Central at Abrazo Central Campus Phoenix, AZ   About the Job Abrazo Central Campus (located at 19th Avenue and Bethany Home Road in Phoenix), a 221-bed acute care facility and teaching hospital, has been providing quality care to patients in the Phoenix community for more than 50 years. Abrazo Central Campus has received many notable awards and accolades from national organizations including Gold Plus and Target Stroke; Honor Roll Awards from the American Heart and American Stroke Association; Top 50 Cardiovascular Hospital by Truven Health Analytics; Chest Pain Accreditation with PCI from the Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care; and the Donor Network Award for Outstanding Operating Room, among others. Abrazo Central Campus is recognized for comprehensive cardiovascular care, neuroscience services including NICO BrainPath technology, orthopedics, women s health, radiology, and 24-hour emergency care, with more than 800 affiliated physicians on staff offering a wide range of medical specialties. Registered Nurse Provides professional nursing care within an assigned unit. Coordinates care planning with other disciplines. Position renders individualized, age specific and direct bedside nursing care based on the nursing process and patient needs. Acts as a supervisor by assessing, planning, delegating and utilizing independent judgment in directing other healthcare employees for the provision of patient care. Systematically evaluates the quality and effectiveness of nursing practice to identify patient goals. Participates in hourly rounding. Observes safety guidelines and safe work practices. May at times be asked to be in charge for a shift(s). Supervises other members of Healthcare team. Special Skills: Effective interpersonal skills and ability to work with team members required. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment with occasional periods of above average pressure. Excellent customer service skills. Must have basic computer skills. #LI-DJ1 Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: Nursing Degree from an accredited nursing school. License to practice as a Registered Nurse in the State of Arizona. CPR. ACLS as applicable by Facility/Department. ER, ICU, Endoscopy, Tele, Cardiac Cath Lab, L&D: ACLS required upon orientation completion. Bariatrics: Certification or specialized training in bariatrics specialty area of practice. Preferred Qualifications: BSN. Prefer 1 year of acute care experience but will consider new graduate. Certification in specialty area of practice preferred. Job: Med/Surg Primary Location: Phoenix, Arizona Facility: Abrazo Central Campus Job Type: PT2Y Shift Type: Nights Employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant\u2019s or employee\u2019s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Tenet will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. "
}