{
    "Body": " BlockChain Protocol Engineer (Kaleido) at Consensys Raleigh, NC 27601 ? About the Job About Kaleido: Kaleido is a rapidly growing start-up aiming to make blockchain radically simple for organizations to adopt so that our societies will fully benefit from decentralized models and technologies. Kaleido, A ConsenSys Business, has partnered with Amazon Web Services to offer its Blockchain Business Cloud -- the first all-in-one SaaS platform built for Enterprise Blockchain. It dramatically accelerates and simplifies private blockchain network creation and operation with click-button simplicity saving organizations months and millions in the process. Kaleido is set apart by its collaborative culture focused on putting people first and thats manifested in how we interact with each other, how we build products and solutions, and how we deliver them to our customers. We move fast, put real product in customers hands, and iterate and learn as we move towards scale. This will allow you to make an immediate, high impact within a dedicated, and nimble team. Blockchain is a rapidly developing technology and were excited to be one of the first pioneers in the field. Our team comes with deep technical experience and a dedication to our mission, but we still like to have fun and take full advantage of our startup environment by playing ping pong and foosball during breaks, enjoying a beer from the tap after work, team outings and more. Our team, based in urban startup hub Raleigh, NC., is continually growing and looking for more like-minded individuals. Find out more at https://kaleido.io About ConsenSys: ConsenSys is transforming our present digital architecture toward a more open, inclusive, and secure internet of value, commonly called Web3. With a more trustworthy internet architecture, we are helping enterprises and governments unlock new business models and value, gain efficiencies through a shared IT infrastructure, and utilize modern cryptographic methods to safeguard private user data. We accomplish this through our unique global business developing Ethereum blockchain, comprised of a startup incubator, Enterprise Ethereum consulting arm, and investment fund. We're looking for a Protocol Engineer - to join our agile development team focused on the deep blockchain layer. As active participants in the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) and contributors to multiple open source projects (Quorum, Hyperledger Fabric), our protocol team is at the forefront of Enterprise adoption of blockchain technology. In addition to solving the challenge of running and scaling permissioned blockchain networks in mission-critical Enterprise use cases, this role is also working with open source communities around data privacy, cross-chain interoperability, using technique such as zero knowledge proofs and state channels. Blockchain is a rapidly evolving technology area that has attracted a lot of brilliant minds around the world both in academia and industry. This role will be on the bleeding edge of this exciting movement. A successful candidate will have opportunities to research and develop innovative approaches to some of the most challenging problems in software such as advanced cryptography and distributed systems. REQUIREMENTS : Strong back-end development experience using one of GO, Rust or Java Hands on experience in basic cryptography such as digital signature, encryption based on asymmetric or symmetric keys, key agreement Being able to explain consensus algorithms like Raft or Paxos, PBFT Node.JS and Javascript programming skills Fast learner excited to develop new skills Excellent communicator who works well in extremely fast-paced team environments Thrives in chaos and is comfortable with the uncertainty and the rapid change of R&D projects Self-starter who can define and execute tasks with minimal guidance NICE TO HAVE Knowledge in advanced cryptography a big plus such as group signature, zero knowledge proofs Understanding of IPFS and distributed hash tables 5+ years of experience in a senior engineering role Experience with blockchain and smart contracts Experience in blockchain protocol development Kaleido is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and deeply values diversity. We strive to create an inclusive environment for the diverse cultures, perspectives, and experiences in our workforce. Kaleido is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices and we encourage all applicants to review our best practices to protect yourself which can be foundhere. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Consensys", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-02-05", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "9597B889AE38D62C0EFFBFAD0B56DB55", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Raleigh, North Carolina, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-protocol-engineer-kaleido-raleigh-nc-us-consensys/531d9058-7442-44ac-8df7-b469e7aa7879", 
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/BlockChain-Protocol-Engineer-Kaleido-Raleigh-NC-US-Consensys/531d9058-7442-44ac-8df7-b469e7aa7879", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-protocol-engineer-kaleido-raleigh-nc-us-consensys/https%3A%2F%2Fconsensys.net%2Fcareers%2Fbest-practices-to-avoid-recruitment-fraud%2F", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-protocol-engineer-kaleido-raleigh-nc-us-consensys/https%3A%2F%2Fkaleido.io"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=6", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "BlockChain Protocol Engineer (Kaleido) job at Consensys | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-protocol-engineer-kaleido-raleigh-nc-us-consensys/531d9058-7442-44ac-8df7-b469e7aa7879"
}
