{
    "Body": " Emerging Tech & Blockchain Managing Consultant at Guidehouse Washington, DC 20022 ? About the Job Overview Interested in working with talented people to help develop innovative solutions to some of societys most complex and challenging problems? We are Guidehouse, a leading consulting firm serving the public sector and commercial clients with specialized capabilities in strategy, technology, and risk management. You may not yet know our name, but we have a rich history. Guidehouse is a combination of PwCs former public sector practice and Navigants deep expertise in energy, financial services and healthcare. We offer an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards individuals based on impact, not tenure. Our firm is at the forefront of an emerging model solving complex problems that stretch across government and private companies, affording our people the opportunity to be on the cutting edge of the consulting profession. By focusing on markets facing transformational change, technology-driven innovation, and significant regulatory pressure, our employees also develop and deploy world class knowledge and problem solving that leads to breakthrough solutions. Responsibilities Description/Responsibilities: Develop and drive adoption of an organizations Cloud computing strategy, including Cloud enterprise architectures, Cloud application data and application architectures, and cloud management and monitoring architectures. Oversee the delivery of solutions against the relevant architectural standards and deployment of these solutions in Cloud environments, including public Cloud, private Cloud, and hybrid Cloud. Act as an advisor to organizations and stay up-to-date on the latest trends and issues, and help build overarching strategies and roadmaps to modernize their IT environments. Qualifications Qualifications: Required: 5+ years of experience in a Cloud architect or engineer role 7+ years of experience in a technical consulting, solution architect, or presales engineering role 7+ years of experience with designing, implementation, or consulting with distributed applications Experience with leadership, consensus building, and mentoring Experience with building, delivering, and managing Cloud environments using IaaS, PaaS and SaaS platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure, Google Cloud, and Oracle cloud Microsoft Azure Expert Certification and/or AWS Technical Professional Certification Ability to obtain a security clearance Desired: Experience with multi-threaded, Big Data, and distributive Cloud architectures and frameworks Experience with Microsoft Identity Services, including Active Directory Domain Services, Federation Services and associated identity management tools a plus Knowledge of FedRAMP, ATO, and other Federal governance and security standards and requirements Hands-on IT implementation and Strategy experience with Commercial and Public Sector clients Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described. Disclaimer About Guidehouse With a unique blend of large firm resources and an entrepreneurial collaborative culture, Guidehouse is where your purpose, passion, and expertise transforms organizations. Guidehouse is a leading global provider of consulting services to the public and commercial markets with broad capabilities in management, technology, and risk consulting. We help clients address their toughest challenges with a focus on markets and clients facing transformational change, technology-driven innovation and significant regulatory pressure. Across a range of advisory, consulting, outsourcing, and technology/analytics services, we help clients create scalable, innovative solutions that prepare them for future growth and success. Headquartered in Washington DC, the company has more than 7,000 professionals in more than 50 locations. If youre passionately motivated to make a difference and deliver exceptional work, we invite you to learn more about your career opportunities at www.guidehouse.com Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described. Disclaimers Guidehouseis an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation. Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco. If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contactGuidehouseRecruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation. Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. Rewards and Benefits Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include: Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance 401(k) Retirement Plan Basic Life & Supplemental Life Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities Skills Development & Certifications Employee Referral Program Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program Job Locations US-DC-Washington ID 2019-4260 Category Client Services Type Regular Full-Time ", 
    "CompanyName": "Guidehouse", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-25", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "95BE6940C660449FE9736FC38F702327", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Emerging-Tech-Blockchain-Managing-Consultant-Washington-DC-US-Guidehouse/3a22ba1e-9d5c-4c93-842b-d1b1b2b6e06b", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/emerging-tech-blockchain-managing-consultant-washington-dc-us-guidehouse/3a22ba1e-9d5c-4c93-842b-d1b1b2b6e06b"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=7&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Emerging Tech & Blockchain Managing Consultant job at Guidehouse | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/emerging-tech-blockchain-managing-consultant-washington-dc-us-guidehouse/3a22ba1e-9d5c-4c93-842b-d1b1b2b6e06b"
}
