{
    "Body": " Unstructured Data Engineer at Epic River Loveland, CO 80537 ???????????? About the Job Epic River is a rapidly growing software company headquartered in Northern Colorado that provides solutions for the financial services and healthcare industries. We infuse innovation, alternative approaches and highly efficient software to help banks and credit unions create a user experience superior to that of marketplace and peer-to-peer lenders. Our commitment to utilize the lowest cost of capital and remove all unnecessary overhead from the loan process enables us to help everyone make the best possible financial decision when borrowing money.???????????? ???????????? Epic River gives you the opportunity to work with a smart, high-energy team who has a passion for building stellar products while expanding their knowledge on the latest technologies. Our founders have world-class experience developing innovative financial and healthcare billing products from the ground up and bringing them to market. Our work environment is open and collaborative with very few meetings so you can focus on the stuff you are good at while learning new things everyday. ???????????? We\u2019re a small company that\u2019s seen a lot of success because we\u2019re nimble and can adjust quickly to a changing market. And we have a lot of fun doing it. The document and data strategy at Epic River continues to rapidly evolve, with an increasing focus on unstructured data. As we move to???????????? create an even more seamless process for our credit union and community bank customers, unstructured data derived from loans, deposit accounts, lines of credit, and consumers themselves will be essential to the success of the entire community banking industry. We welcome you to join our Development team to capitalize on the opportunities of new and nontraditional forms of data. Job Summary This role is responsible for developing foundational elements for new product lines and ensuring the storage, analysis, security and authority of Unstructured content; integrating advanced AWS services and solutions to optimize business decisions and processes by analyzing, storing and securely transferring various forms of unstructured data sets like images, voice and video; and address new technical challenges using existing and emerging technology solutions. Key Responsibilities Design and implement a centralized Unstructured data management ecosystem to collect, analyze, store, protect and govern Unstructured data for our customers. Build a scalable platform to support Epic River's growing customer base and ever-increasing transaction volume. Identify and utilize new and emerging technologies to define comprehensive, sustainable, extensible architecture to meet defined business needs. Design and establish governance, content lifecycle and data management frameworks for Unstructured data. Coordinate with Network and Infrastructure teams to design systems that can scale to the operational needs of handling large volumes of Unstructured data Define strategies to Investigate, evaluate, interpret and classify Unstructured data in order to define and clarify information structures which describe the relationships between the Unstructured content and its associated metadata. Partners with other internal teams and peers in the department to ensure solutions meet the holistic needs of our customers. Supports Innovation; regularly provides new ideas to help people, process, and technology that interact with our product ecosystem. Supports a clear communication strategy that keeps all relevant stakeholders informed and provides an opportunity to influence the direction of the work Job Qualifications 3 - 5 Years of experience as a Database or Full-Stack Engineer. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related area, or equivalent work experience. Master's Degree in a quantitative or scientific field would be a plus. Experience in architecting/designing software products to drive data & analytic efforts. Experience/Knowledge of building applications using high-security Public/Private cloud infrastructure AWS Services: Rekognition, Chime, Dynamo Database - MySQL, NoSQL, MSSQL Desirable: Experience managing Unstructured data, encryption and certification of complex datasets Experience with metadata management Experience with various data types (e.g. Unstructured, Hierarchical, Relational) Understanding of security risks and vulnerabilities, leveraging tools and techniques to minimize risk. Experience/Knowledge of Object storage technologies Ability to communicate and present advanced technical topics to general audiences. Automation, Configuration Management, Dev-ops practices Blockchain AWS Knowledge - Lambda, CloudFormation, EC2, DynamoDB, Cloudwatch, KMS, CloudHSM ", 
    "CompanyName": "Epic River", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "95EEBBBAC492FF4E2575070F09BAC7D0", 
    "KeyTerms": "emerging technologies, marketplace, frameworks, financial, loans, banking, nosql, cloud, encryption, stellar, peer to peer, mysql, aws, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Loveland, Colorado, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Unstructured-Data-Engineer-Loveland-CO-US-Epic-River/cf60163f-5ec7-47c0-8849-c222f81922f2", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/unstructured-data-engineer-loveland-co-us-epic-river/cf60163f-5ec7-47c0-8849-c222f81922f2"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "stellar", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Unstructured Data Engineer job at Epic River | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/unstructured-data-engineer-loveland-co-us-epic-river/cf60163f-5ec7-47c0-8849-c222f81922f2"
}
