{
    "Body": " Virtual Sales Specialist - Data Center at Cisco RTP, NC ???????????? About the Job Why You'll Love Cisco: Are you ready to change the World? Do you want to be passionate about your employer and the brand you represent? Everything is converging on the Internet, making networked connections more meaningful than ever before in our lives. Our employees' groundbreaking ideas impact everything imaginable - from entertainment, retail, healthcare, and education, to public and private sectors, smart cities, and everyday devices in our homes. Here, that means you will take creative ideas from the drawing board to dynamic solutions that have real world impact. You'll collaborate with Cisco leaders, partner with expert mentors, and develop incredible relationships with colleagues who share your interest in connecting the unconnected. We care about our customers, enjoy having fun, and you'll take part in changing the lives of those in your community. Come prepared to be encouraged and inspired. What You'll Do Interested in being challenged and appreciated while embarking in a dynamic career? In an environment where colleagues become friends, where managers actively coach and where creativity and ambition are valued? You will build direct relationships with customers, will work closely with and utilize the selected channel partners to maximize new sales opportunities and renewals within your territory. You will manage all aspects of sales while using cutting-edge technologies to remotely collaborate with customers and employ new sales models (cloud, services & software) to help customers maximizing their revenue. * You will evangelize the Cisco Data Center portfolio to Cisco's Mid- Market customers to help make their businesses run smarter and safer * You will be immersed in our Data Center offerings and serve as an SME in this architecture among your peers * You will accurately forecast your monthly, quarterly and annual revenue streams; driving growth * You'll be responsible for driving new business as well as fostering your account base Who You'll Work With The Global Virtual Sales organization is one of Cisco\u2019s fastest growing sales teams and is the talent engine for Cisco Sales with diverse and motivated teams that consistently deliver profitable growth. We serve our customer life-cycle through a series of selling motions to drive higher value and an optimal experience from Cisco solutions. We are a dynamic and international team that brings excitement to the sales floor every day. We connect Cisco customers with solutions that can transform their businesses and change the world.We will provide you with a platform for success including: coaching, training and on-the-job learning that will strongly support you in your career advancement. You will discover an innovative, flexible and award-winning working environment using the latest Cisco technology to enable and empower you to perform to the very best of your abilities. Our teams promptly adapt to respond to market changes and we are all highly encouraged to give back to our local communities. Who You Are If you enjoy selling in a changing environment, are goal motivated and believe in performance rewards for exceeding annual sales goals through strong collaboration with partners and internal stakeholders, we have a place for you. * You have 4-6 years\u2019 B2B selling experience in the IT or similar industry * You exude a love for IT and a strong technical aptitude * You have sold or can speak knowledgeably about cybersecurity products * You have a history of career progression and desire for professional development * You've got experience owning the full sales cycle (prospecting, customer demos, negotiating and closing the sale). * Highly motivated with a \"hunting spirit\" to develop new opportunities and grow business * You are able to demonstrate strong sales achievement ie. consistent achievement at or above quota, or a history YoY growth in your target market. * You are passionate about sales and building positive relationships. * You possess strong business acumen and can effectively value proposition to Cisco's mid-market. * You have phenomenal communication/presentation skills. * You are a flexible and resilient problem solver, our strongest teammates have a sense of urgency to resolve issues. * You thrive in a team environment and enjoy sharing ideas and best practices. * You take pride in your positive and upbeat energy. We Are Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "97797D6EDEF9718356FE8EA2E8D0C183", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, genetic, cloud services, collaboration, smart cities, machine learning, artificial intelligence, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Virtual-Sales-Specialist-Data-Center-RTP-NC-US-Cisco/04f3e061-8d0f-4ac0-87ae-67fbf7461d52", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/virtual-sales-specialist-data-center-rtp-nc-us-cisco/04f3e061-8d0f-4ac0-87ae-67fbf7461d52"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=19", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=19", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Virtual Sales Specialist - Data Center job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/virtual-sales-specialist-data-center-rtp-nc-us-cisco/04f3e061-8d0f-4ac0-87ae-67fbf7461d52"
}
