{
    "Body": " Sr. IT Specialist at Na Ali'i Washington D.C., DC ???????????? About the Job Na Ali\u2019i is looking to hire a talented, self-motivated, and skilled Sr. IT Specialist for technical analysis, integration, and advisory support for the Department of Defense (DoD), Washington Headquarters Services (WHS) in the transition and transformation of their service delivery model. WHS provides a wide range of enterprise shared services to DoD headquarters, Office of the Secretary of Defense, and DoD components. Their goal is to deliver an exceptional customer experience with greater performance and lower costs, enabling DoD agencies to fulfill their missions. The candidate will support Na Ali\u2019i senior level Shared Services Senior Managers and Subject Matter Experts in the transformation to an enhanced shared services business model based on private sector best practices and fee for service. Our team will support WHS in driving enhanced accountability, efficiency, transparency and trust, performance improvement, customer experience, and phased transformation to Robotics Process Automation (RPA). The successful candidate will possess excellent communication skills and a passion for the latest technology market trends in cloud, big data and Internet of Things (IoT), cyber security, Robotic Process Automation (RPA), artificial intelligence, and blockchain solutioning. Serving as a technical liaison between project teams, stakeholders, and functional process owners to achieve business reform objectives. Analyzing existing system infrastructure, hardware, software, data layers for opportunities to increase productivity and reduce redundancy across the DoD portfolio of business systems. Developing and delivering a proposal and plan WHS service structure and a plan to manage and execute those services through technology and maximum use of RPA through commercial tools such as UiPath or Automation Kapow. Updating Business Enterprise Architecture (BEA) guidance based on strategic and technology changes. Collaborating with project stakeholders in communicating BEA Enterprise Architecture guidance to the DoD Community. Analyzing and providing assessments of existing DoD Architecture Framework 2.02 (DoDAF) Operational Viewpoint (OV) Models. Developing \u201cfuture-state\u201d systems architecture products in support of performance evaluations, and optimization of existing requirements and capabilities. Researching, developing, and delivering technical designs for Network, Storage, Compute, Data, Security, or Applications services. Collaborating with functional, technical, and budget counterparts to support program management efforts. Collaborating with colleagues to produce valid and accurate written technical content for various products (e.g., briefings, narratives, and justifications). Preparing technical reports by researching, collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Collecting, adjudicating, and implementing recommended edits accurately and in a timely manner. Facilitating internal understanding of technical concepts through information sharing, and cross-team collaboration. Working in a fast-paced, highly flexible client and team environment providing quick turn-around technology and system analysis. Support other duties as assigned by your supervisor/ DoD client. The ideal candidate is a self-starter, capable of seamless work as an individually or in a team environment, and able to comprehend, analyze, and synthesize large and complex systems data into digestible and informative graphics and written content. Specifically, the ideal candidate will be familiar with, and have experience with the following technical knowledge, skills, and abilities: Assisting with designing, implementing, and supporting enterprise information technology applications and business solutions. Supporting COTS business capabilities and large ERPs in DoD Windows or Oracle environments/ Supporting infrastructure migration methodologies and techniques to support system application and Data movements to multi-cloud Azure or AWS. Experience assessing and leveraging both mainstream and emerging technology advancements (analytics and automation/robotics) with a strategic mindset to transform or optimize business designs Demonstrated expertise with at least 1 full life cycle analytics or systems integration engagements across strategy, design and implementation. Experience with building and deploying automation using software platforms, including UiPath, Automation Kapow, or certificates in AA, Blue Prism, etc. are strongly desired Developing process flow diagrams and systems documentation. Understanding of the DoD Defense Business Systems and BEA guidance and requirements as defined in Title 10 US Code 2222. Understanding of data exchange and integration formats including XML, JSON, and SOAP. Experience using REST and Service-Oriented Architectures, Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and deploying and supporting system applications across these types environments. Understanding of security solutions such as SSO, Oauth, IAM/User Registry, and Encryption. Demonstrated knowledge of organizational and functional responsibilities within DoD and the IT/ Business System factors impacting the achievement of service requirements. Proven ability to analyze current information systems and make enhancements to increase their effectiveness. Education and Experience: This position requires a bachelor\u2019s degree or higher in Engineering, Science, Computer Engineering,business, MIS or a related field from an accredited institution. A minimum of three (10) years of relevant professional experience is required. Experience working in or directly for the DoD is required.???????????? Clearance Requirements: This position requires an active SECRET security clearance. Check out our????????????Benefits Brochure to view more about us! The Nakupuna Companies are employers of equal opportunity that are committed to hiring a diverse workforce.???????????? All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, ancestry, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability or veteran status. ???????????? ???????????? ???????????? ???????????? ", 
    "CompanyName": "Na Ali'i", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "9910627E8101516D7741B68D949E9BEC", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, information technology, artificial intelligence, cloud, cyber, internet of things, encryption, collaboration, json, information systems, aws, big data, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Sr.-IT-Specialist-Washington-D.C.-DC-US-Na-Ali%27i/2332ba1f-de25-4803-afce-7d28130db7f9", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-it-specialist-washington-d-c-dc-us-na-alii/2332ba1f-de25-4803-afce-7d28130db7f9", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-it-specialist-washington-d-c-dc-us-na-alii/https%3A%2F%2Fnakupunacompanies.icims.com%2Ficims2%2Fservlet%2Ficims2%3Fmodule%3DAppInert%26amp%3Baction%3Ddownload%26amp%3Bid%3D4701%26amp%3Bhashed%3D-1192794121"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Sr. IT Specialist job at Na Ali'i | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-it-specialist-washington-d-c-dc-us-na-alii/2332ba1f-de25-4803-afce-7d28130db7f9"
}
