{
    "Body": " Senior Blockchain Software Engineer : at Akraya Inc. Foster City, CA 94420 ? About the Job Primary Skills: Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, infrastructure, payment systemsDuration: 06+ Months Contract Type: W2Qualifications: Software development focused on blockchain technologies, optimize internal data structures, write cryptographic algorithms, cryptographic key management and protocol specifications. R&D to help assess and choose the right blockchain technology for the business problem. Identify blockchain protocol challenges and propose efficient and scalable solutions Design and maintain integration interfaces for wider ecosystem integration. Work closely with operations and infrastructure to build high scale backend services Understand and performance test the APIs, abstractions and integration patterns to solve challenging distributed computing problem.Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. 5+ years of Software Development experience. Blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiast.Preferred Qualifications : Experience in payments and financial services compliance, regulatory governance, payments ecosystems, payment processing flows. In-depth knowledge of blockchain technologies, distributed ledgers and crypto currencies. Solid understanding of smart contracts and experience authoring smart contracts for exchange of fiat currency with crypto currencies, using Solidity, Vyper, Rust, GoLang or other competing technologies. Experience developing and managing cryptocurrency wallet products. In-depth knowledge of Blockchain and crypto-currency ecosystems, including evolving crypto currencies and national digital currencies. Knowledge of Hyperledger fabric is a plus. Strong backend programming, using either GoLang or Java. Working familiarity with the entire software development lifecycle including version control, build process, testing, and code release Open source experience is a plus Motivated and fast learner to solve complex problems using blockchain technologies. To follow up with any questions, please contact Monika @ 408-907-6415Akraya is an award-winnin IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Akraya Inc.", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-31", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "99735CAE797F1F707A43E477A60F530E", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Foster City, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-blockchain-software-engineer-foster-city-ca-us-akraya-inc/466bce47-8a10-4009-a0fb-a7d079d3677a", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Blockchain-Software-Engineer-Foster-City-CA-US-Akraya-Inc./466bce47-8a10-4009-a0fb-a7d079d3677a"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Senior Blockchain Software Engineer : job at Akraya Inc. | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-blockchain-software-engineer-foster-city-ca-us-akraya-inc/466bce47-8a10-4009-a0fb-a7d079d3677a"
}
