{
    "Body": " Commerce SaaS Transformation Leader 1277356 at Cisco San Jose, CA ???????????? About the Job In Cisco IT, we have a unique opportunity- we actually get to use the technology we create. We are Innovators. We drive innovation to propel business transformation while maintaining operational excellence. We are Accelerators. We accelerate digital solutions to generate cost savings and productivity gains for enterprise growth and success. We are Transformers. As customer zero, we transform the customer experience by being our own customer first. With agility, quality, and security, we continuously deliver business outcomes. Join us in delighting our customers and empowering our employees. Apply today! What You'll Do: Cisco IT is looking for a dynamic leader to engage with the related business units to drive IT\u2019s commerce transformation and will be responsible for the following * Drives transformation of commerce platform to support SaaS businesses: Lead the transformation of IT's commerce platform to meet the unique needs of Cisco's SaaS, XaaS, and recurring revenue businesses to enable high-velocity sales motions. Responsible for innovating, planning and executing the development of a next-generation commerce platform including Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ) solution, subscription management, and billing with focus on sales CRM, customer success & renewals, business processes, enterprise technical architecture, user experience, and change enablement * Builds relationships and drives collaboration with customers and stakeholders: Effectively collaborate and communicate cross-functionally with global functional leaders, business units, engineering, sales, and marketing to gain a deep understanding of their needs and represent their perspectives with internal IT teams to shape platform innovation, development & delivery. Gain a deep understanding of customer needs from customers, partners, and sellers and communicates needs to key stakeholders. * Defines strategic planning and roadmap for commerce platform transformation: Drive the creation and execution of short and long-term commerce platform roadmap across all IT functions, including budget and resource allocations. Define platform strategy and roadmap with clear objectives, long-term vision, and measurable goals that advance the product's vision and goals. Create superior user experience while driving higher adoption and satisfaction across the user base while mapping and managing complex dependencies across the org * Drives adoption of SaaS-enabled commerce platform and champions user feedback: Create, and maintain formal communication and training programs to increase awareness and adoption of SaaS-enabled commerce platform. Launch programs to collect user feedback and engage with development and delivery teams to make sure user feedback is incorporated into the platform roadmap to enable a world-class user experience * Leads product management and diverse commerce platform team: Manage a team of experienced product management leaders who are accountable for developing and delivering the platform vision and technology stack. Work closely with engineering teams to ensure alignment on the execution of the roadmap. Recruit, retain and grow a diverse, high-performing team of product owners, industry experts, thought leaders, and influencers Who You\u2019ll Work With: You will report to the VP of Customer and Partner Transformation and work closely with stakeholders and IT leaders to define the architecture and roadmap to transform end to end experiences for our customers and partners across segments, GTM motions, and offers. Who You Are: * Are you a seasoned product leader with deep experience in building and delivering software products, especially SaaS for large enterprises? * Do you offer a good understanding of quote to cash processes and technology platforms for SaaS businesses? * Have you built a track record of delivering Enterprise SaaS products that drive significant revenues at scale? * Have you built a sustained, successful trajectory (at least 15 years) in software development & in leading or supporting the execution of software-focused transformational initiatives in large organizations? * You have strong experience in partnering with design, engineering & other product teams to ship products that create customer value * You have built a successful track record of developing product strategy and leading teams to ship product features that bring the strategy to life. * You have excellent communication skills, and the ability to confidently share vision & roadmap to internal/external audiences * You have a background in IT systems and IT organizations beneficial, however leaders with successful trajectories in software-focused role on the product side could be candidates * You have crafted an uncommon ability to lead enterprise-scale SW/SaaS products * You have the ability to lead all aspects of building SaaS focused products to including strategy, planning roadmap, collaboration, product management, and execution * You are an extraordinary operator of a large scale organization * You are the equivalent of product leader of a $1B company with a budget >$50M * You have the ability to drive cross-functional collaboration & understand the customer * As customer experience central to IT strategy you have built a proven track record of success in leading all aspects of the SaaS commerce platform experience. * You understand customers & communicating with your organization which will be critical * You can quickly come up-to-speed in a complex IT environment Why Cisco: #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box. But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take the difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair. Don\u2019t care. Tattoos. Show off your ink. Like polka dots. That\u2019s cool. Pop culture geek. Many of us are. Passion for technology and world-changing. Be you with us. We Are Cisco GEM20 #LI-71716_BB1 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "9E96B3164655A7242DEF1DDBB1A33738", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, collaboration, e-commerce, machine learning, artificial intelligence, strategic planning", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Jose, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Commerce-SaaS-Transformation-Leader-1277356-San-Jose-CA-US-Cisco/50dc0c03-d2cd-43b9-a3a3-bf648a0450fe", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/commerce-saas-transformation-leader-1277356-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/50dc0c03-d2cd-43b9-a3a3-bf648a0450fe"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20side", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "71716_BB1", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20side", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Commerce SaaS Transformation Leader 1277356 job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/commerce-saas-transformation-leader-1277356-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/50dc0c03-d2cd-43b9-a3a3-bf648a0450fe"
}
