{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Registered-Veterinary-Technician-Cary-NC-US-Banfield-Pet-Hospital/eb0df387-5aec-43a7-b0e0-f9827a548cb1",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/registered-veterinary-technician-cary-nc-us-banfield-pet-hospital/eb0df387-5aec-43a7-b0e0-f9827a548cb1"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Registered Veterinary Technician job at Banfield Pet Hospital | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "A2091C7DF974D818FAE4B037330032F4",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/registered-veterinary-technician-cary-nc-us-banfield-pet-hospital/eb0df387-5aec-43a7-b0e0-f9827a548cb1",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Registered Veterinary Technician at Banfield The Pet Hospital Cary, NC   About the Job Job Number: 005006D9 Job: Vet Technician Job Category: Hospital Paraprofessional Staff Schedule: Regular Full-time regular Travel: No Primary Location: North Carolina-Cary-005029 Cary Nc Work Location: 005029 Cary Nc 3460 Ten Ten Rd Ste B100 Cary 27518 Veterinary Technician Banfield aspires to be a practice where as a team, we make a positive impact on pet health care in hospitals, communities, and the field of veterinary medicine. And, we believe hiring people with diverse perspectives, ideas, and cultures, permits us to deliver to the highest quality of preventive care. As a Banfield veterinary technician, you will work alongside pet health care industry experts to make a difference in the lives of the pets and clients we serve. With the chance to utilize your veterinary knowledge, communication skills, and love for pets, this role will afford you the opportunity to define a clear career path for continued growth and learning. Responsibilities: Support veterinarians to ensure quality veterinary care, advocate for pets, and educate clients. With each hospital function, assist veterinarians and the medical team to maximize productivity and maintain positive patient flow. Assist with surgeries and procedures in accordance with your state's Veterinary Practice Act outlined for credentialed veterinary technicians. Communicate with clients about individualized pet health concerns and offer guidance on Optimum Wellness Plan® options, medications, and additional treatments. Assist in maintaining relevant, comprehensive medical records with the support of practice systems, including Banfield\u2019s database, PetWare, designed to obtain data for population research. Obtain relevant health history and information from clients and maintain medical charts. Use safe restraining techniques, follow standard protocols, and sustain clean, sterile, organized treatment areas, exam rooms, and labs. Be willing to guide, mentor, and support fellow team members. Requirements: Veterinary Technician Certification or Licensure (CVT, RVT, LVT, or LVMT) #CB Commitment beyond qualifications Being a veterinary technician requires much more than AVMA certified credentials. It means bringing your talents, skills, dedication, and a desire for developing alongside your peers. But, most importantly, it means showing up each day with a passion for pets and working with others who believe preventive care is the key to helping pets achieve long and healthy lives. As we do with all our associates, we look to our vet techs to adopt our Five Principles \u2014 Quality, Responsibility, Mutuality, Efficiency and Freedom. And, while your on-paper qualifications are of course important, we actively seek out vet techs who thrive on delivering outstanding client and pet experiences. Your wellbeing matters. We know that your real passion for pet well-being is why you chose this profession. At Banfield, we believe it is just as important to support the well-being of those who devote their lives to this cause. Through our extensive network and support structure, Banfield offers a wide array of benefits and programs, empowering you to focus on yourself and your family, as you care for pets and clients As a Banfield vet tech, we want you to take full advantage of work and play through: Competitive salary with paid time off Medical, dental, vision and prescription drug benefits for you and eligible dependents Automatic enrollment in 401(k) Savings Plan after 60 days of employment Health Savings Account with annual practice-paid funding of %24750 to supplement health care expenses Automatic enrollment in 100% practice paid short- and long-term disability after 60 days of employment \u2013 includes maternity leave Optimum Wellness Plans (OWPs) for up to three pets A variety of discounts including Mars, PetSmart, Royal Canin, fitness, cellular, and so much more Potential as Big as Your Passion Whether you are a newly certified or an experienced vet tech, a job at Banfield opens the door to exploring the next best move in your career. We are committed to helping you grow as a vet tech by providing: Performance Development Plans (PDP) designed to help you define and achieve your career goals Practice-paid continuing education opportunities along with the opportunity to attend partner conferences Free membership to NAVTA, practice-paid subscription to VetFolio, and a 50% discount for VetGirl Opportunities to lend your skills to the local communities where you live and serve Ability to grow into leadership roles at the field and practice level Support that helps you thrive We\u2019ve created a structure that includes leadership and support at the hospital level, in the field, and at our headquarters, all with one goal in mind: helping you deliver quality care for all pets. Commitment to community wellness Through volunteering efforts, and our programs designed to benefit local shelters and rescues, we strengthen the pet-human connections in our communities. Discover how we support the wellbeing of our people and profession through the Mars Volunteer Program (MVP). So, what are you waiting for? Make your move and apply today! Banfield Pet Hospital® strongly supports and values the uniqueness of all individuals and promotes a work environment where diversity is embraced. Banfield Pet Hospital is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, or protected veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. Banfield Pet Hospital follows all applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every Banfield location. "
}