{
    "Body": " Banking and Financial Technology (Fintech) Supervision and Analysis Specialist at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) Kansas City, MO 64101 ???????????? About the Job Job Summary: The Banking and Financial Technology (Fintech) Supervision and Analysis Team will lead the efforts of the Supervision and Risk Management (SRM) Division to build organizational knowledge of fintech and assess the implications for the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City in its role in banking supervision and other mission areas, as well as the assessing the impact on community banks. The team's work will involve market intelligence and analysis, internal knowledge-sharing and collaboration, industry engagement, and thought leadership and influence. As a Fintech Supervision and Policy Specialist, you will work closely with examiners, analysts, and other stakeholders on fintech-related cases. Additionally, you will conduct analysis and develop views for potential policy and regulatory consideration. You will also play an important role in internal and external engagement with Federal Reserve colleagues and leadership and industry stakeholders to promote knowledge development and perspective exchange regarding opportunities and risks in fintech. Topical areas for this role would include open banking (and related technologies), artificial intelligence, crypto currencies and digital assets, distributed ledger/blockchain technology, mobile banking, marketplace lending, internet deposits, cloud technologies and services, mobile, big data, and the related supervisory, policy, and regulatory matters (e.g., model risk management, third-party risk management, and emerging state and federal laws). Key Activities: Serves as a subject matter expert on banking and financial services innovation and technology, with responsibility for market and technical analysis and development of policy analysis. Maintains knowledge and perspective on a broad set of banking and supervisory topics in order to support surveillance, risk, and policy conclusions provided to internal and external customers. Actively monitors and conducts analysis on market, regulatory, and legislative developments via publicly-available resources and other supervisory information and tools. Creates and maintains strong internal and external networks; seeks to understand and support the objectives of colleagues; coordinates across departments ; supports others' knowledge and perspective growth; and actively listens to stakeholders. Works closely with examiners, risk specialists, and analysts on supervisory and other case-work matters involving fintech activities or the use of advanced or innovative technologies. Engages in discussions with other supervisory functions, to provide perspectives regarding the landscape and opportunities and risks for supervised institutions and the industry more broadly. Contributes to or leads development of presentations, talking points, and speeches related to banking and supervisory topics for a wide variety of audiences. Participates in and may promote, develop, facilitate, or lead educational efforts to build organizational awareness and knowledge. May lead or contribute to the writing of position papers, job aids, and/or briefing documents covering complex risk issues and important topics such as proposed legislation, and regulation and policy statements. May participate in or lead briefing meetings with senior bank management. Actively seeks opportunities and contributes to, participates in, or leads local and/or system groups reviewing complex regulatory and industry banking matters for the purposes of shaping banking policy, system risk perspective and surveillance approaches. Coordinates and participates in and may develop, promote, facilitate, or lead industry engagement meetings, events and other interactions with an objective to foster knowledge and perspective exchange. Represents the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City to individual financial institutions, non-bank firms, trade associations, think tanks, and state, federal, international regulators, and other industry stakeholders and groups. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Federal Reserve Bank (FR", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "A4F519356F45C3855A7361D76153E9CF", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, risk management, digital asset, marketplace, financial, collaboration, big data, dlt, artificial intelligence, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Kansas City, Missouri, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Banking-Financial-Technology-Fintech-Supervision-Analysis-Specialist-Kansas-City-MO-US-Federal-Reserve-Bank-FRB/c2518fc3-4a1f-4538-b7ef-964c3f91e0e0", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/banking-financial-technology-fintech-supervision-analysis-specialist-kansas-city-mo-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/c2518fc3-4a1f-4538-b7ef-964c3f91e0e0", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/banking-financial-technology-fintech-supervision-analysis-specialist-kansas-city-mo-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3De5491f3a1b7a690775240b8d3ad0030b"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=15", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "crypto", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=15", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Banking and Financial Technology (Fintech) Supervision and Analysis Specialist job at Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/banking-financial-technology-fintech-supervision-analysis-specialist-kansas-city-mo-us-federal-reserve-bank-frb/c2518fc3-4a1f-4538-b7ef-964c3f91e0e0"
}
