{
    "Body": " Software Technical Architect at Cisco Austin, TX ???????????? About the Job Why You\u2019ll Love Cisco We change the World, you will become passionate about your employer and the brand you represent. Everything is converging on the Internet, making networked connections more meaningful than ever before in our lives. Our employees' groundbreaking ideas impact everything. Here, that means we take creative ideas from the drawing board to dynamic solutions that have real world impact. You'll collaborate with Cisco leaders, partner with mentors, and develop incredible relationships with colleagues who share your interest in connecting the unconnected. You'll be part a team that cares about its customers, enjoys having fun, and you'll take part in changing the lives of those in our local communities. Come prepared to be encouraged and inspired. What You'll Do As a member of CA Engineering's solution architecture team, you will lead Architecture and will build next generation learning management solutions. * Architect and design components of out NetAcad Platform * Build reusable components and services using Microservices and Containers. * Scale out the platform to process thousands of events per minute, and be the expert on our team for running stream processing systems. * Provide technical guidance to development and test teams * Assist developers with the creation of detailed software design specifications * Conduct architecture/design/code reviews for software to create high-quality, maintainable software. Who You'll Work With The Corporate Affairs organization is the focal point for developing and implementing certain foundational Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programs by leveraging our core competencies as well as educating and informing the Cisco family and our key external stakeholders on our CSR efforts. The team's vision is to enhance Cisco's value as a leading global corporate citizen by leading, innovating, and supporting our sustainable business practices, socioeconomic initiatives, and public benefit investment.et transition. We do the right thing by supporting organizations that address global social challenges. CA is also responsible for delivering an innovative way of Learning through its Network Academy Platform that is currently used in 120 counties to deliver various courses including CCNA. Who You Are * Senior technical leader with proven track records * Must be able to work cohesively within the team and with strategic partners to building industry leading solutions for next generation Big Data systems. * Excellent communication, presentation skills is a must. * Excellent technical writing skills and effective planning skills and the ability to work to prioritize and move forward multiple deliverables at the same time * Ability to work with and bring together different groups, teams, and projects and Must be a self-starter, constantly learning and a team player Our minimum requirements for this role: * 8+ years industry experience with Degree in Computer Science/Information Systems/Management * Strong knowledge of core software technologies and fundamentals - specifically for large-scale distributed systems - and building highly available services. * Proficiency with full-stack software development and a strong understanding of data structures, resilient services, and cloud-based deployment and scaling. * Knowledge of message brokers such as Kafka and containerization tooling such as Docker and Kubernetes * Comprehensive knowledge of cloud platforms (AWS, Google) * Technical Experience for integration of automation frameworks across SaaS enterprise solutions though demonstrated experience developing integration infrastructure or cloud service brokers through APIs and understanding of the full agile lifecycle application development. * Lead and deliver platform security related strategy initiatives based upon an understanding of current security trends * Must be familiar with not only popular open source technology, such as NoSQL DB, message bus, configuration tools, monitoring & analytics tools, etc, but also full stack development frameworks from front end GUI to restful API to middleware to backend DB access. * Understand the pros and cons of each technology, and clearly know how to select at different scenario. * Hands on experience building RESTful API's using Jersey or Apache CXF or any framework of the like. * Strong experience in architecting scalable & Highly available applications leveraging latest tools and technologies. * Strong DevOps Solution Architect experience in major technology stacks and Cloud services. Why Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair. Don\u2019t care. Tattoos. Show off your ink. Like polka dots.That\u2019s cool. Pop culture geek. Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing. Be you, with us. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "A5260B47F9FAC377190DD0046DEA9407", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, frameworks, artificial intelligence, microservices, docker, containerization, cloud, devops, distributed systems, code review, data structures, information systems, big data, middleware, genetic, front end, cloud services, machine learning, nosql, application development, back end, kafka, full stack, containers, agile, aws", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Software-Technical-Architect-Austin-TX-US-Cisco/b2d39916-b990-4ca7-80eb-a3126a04677e", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/software-technical-architect-austin-tx-us-cisco/b2d39916-b990-4ca7-80eb-a3126a04677e"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20restful", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20restful", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Software Technical Architect job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/software-technical-architect-austin-tx-us-cisco/b2d39916-b990-4ca7-80eb-a3126a04677e"
}
