{
    "Body": " Sr. Software Engineer - HyperFlex Data Protection at Cisco San Jose, CA ?? About the Job What You'll Do You will design, develop, test, and debug software modules in the control and management plane to enable snapshot, replication, remote backup, and disaster recovery capabilities for Cisco Hyperflex, the next generation of hyperconverged systems. You will demonstrate your experience with building highly available, distributed and scalable server systems to design, implement and test distributed control and management capabilities for data protection. As a member of an engineering team, you will design and implement innovative software, and deliver comprehensive automated tests to insure high software quality. You will debug and fix defects, and deliver a high performance and high-quality software product. Who You'll Work With You will work with product management on functional specifications. You will also work with GUI engineering, systems management engineering and data plane engineering to integrate your software modules into the product. Partner with QA on test plans, and on defect fixing and work with product support to collaborate with customers using your product. You will collaborate with replication engineering team members on design and implementation. You will participate reciprocally with other members of your team to deliver every day and continue to develop and improve your expertise as a systems software engineer. Who You Are You have 10 or more years of experience in design and development of scalable, distributed control plane software modules. You are a hands-on programmer in Java or C++, and python, with experience in building a software control and management plane for distributed systems. Expertise with Storage Management in a VMWare or HyperV environment. In addition, you have experience with one or more of: * Functional Programming, as with Scala * Developing storage replication products * Secure network communications Cisco Equal Opportunity Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We Are Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "ABAF25FF6623363BD451F9B565ED262D", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, python, java, scala, distributed systems, software engineer, remote, machine learning, artificial intelligence, functional program", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Sr.-Software-Engineer-HyperFlex-Data-Protection-San-Jose-CA-US-Cisco/2c569a82-0cfe-46df-896d-b1e1e81a36d9", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-software-engineer-hyperflex-data-protection-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/2c569a82-0cfe-46df-896d-b1e1e81a36d9"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20scala", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20scala", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Sr. Software Engineer - HyperFlex Data Protection job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/sr-software-engineer-hyperflex-data-protection-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/2c569a82-0cfe-46df-896d-b1e1e81a36d9"
}
