{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Biostatistician-Alexandria-VA-US-ID-16977-Alexandria-VA-US-Cherokee-Nation-Businesses-LLC/40a68eb0-d8eb-48b8-9fb4-b48fb3138612",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-biostatistician-alexandria-va-us-id-16977-alexandria-va-us-cherokee-nation-businesses-llc/40a68eb0-d8eb-48b8-9fb4-b48fb3138612",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-biostatistician-alexandria-va-us-id-16977-alexandria-va-us-cherokee-nation-businesses-llc/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3D09fddb10b44d120befde749d0a3aadb0"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Senior Biostatistician, Alexandria, VA, US ID#16977 job at Cherokee Nation Businesses, LLC | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "AED0CCAAE668287A9F8A703462997D5E",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-biostatistician-alexandria-va-us-id-16977-alexandria-va-us-cherokee-nation-businesses-llc/40a68eb0-d8eb-48b8-9fb4-b48fb3138612",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Senior Biostatistician, Alexandria, VA, US ID#16977 at Cherokee Nation Businesses, LLC Alexandria, VA 22301   About the Job Senior Biostatistician, Alexandria, VA, US, ID#16977 SUMMARY Cherokee Nation Technology Solutions (CNTS) provides technical support services and project support personnel to its defense and civilian agency clients. CNTS specializes in locating hard-to-find candidates for rapid response requests throughout the country. It provides a tailored management approach for complex government programs and disciplines including medical, science, geospatial intelligence, engineering, construction, research and development, facilities management, information technology, program management and mission support. Wholly owned by Cherokee Nation, CNTS is part of the Cherokee Nation Businesses family of companies. http://cherokee-cnts.com/Pages/home.aspx For more company information, visit our site at http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions Our client's mission is to provide advocacy, program oversight, and policy for suicide prevention, intervention and postvention efforts to reduce suicidal behaviors in Service members, their families and DoD civilians. They achieve this by integrating a holistic approach, by using a range of medical and non-medical resources, and through a collaborative approach with the Military Services and other Governmental Agencies, Non-Governmental Agencies, non-profit organizations, and the community to reduce the risk for suicide. Through its Research & Program Evaluation and Data & Surveillance efforts, our client is focused on: Improving the timeliness and usefulness of surveillance systems relevant to suicide prevention and the ability to collect, analyze, and use this information for improving suicide prevention efforts; Promoting and supporting DoD research on suicide prevention; Evaluating the impact and effectiveness of DoD suicide prevention interventions and systems in order to synthesize and disseminate the findings. We are seeking an experienced Senior Biostatistician to join our team in Alexandria, VA. The candidate will focus on providing high level expertise in applicable public health disciplines to collect, abstract, code, analyze, and interpret scientific data contained within information systems and databases related to public health for current work within the Department of Defense. The candidate will be responsible for statistical analysis and reporting of captured data and is expected to consult on design of statistical analysis plans, perform high-level statistical processes and report findings to multiple constituencies. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Includes the following (Other duties may be assigned): Provides expertise in experimental design and sample size considerations, data collection, choosing and implementing appropriate statistical methodologies, and interpreting results. Conduct statistical analyses such as Structural Equation Modeling or longitudinal analyses on data sources. Provide data management, reporting and analysis support to study investigators using SPSS, R, SAS, and other statistical packages and tools (such as Excel, Tableau, and Python) Assist in obtaining, managing, and analyzing the monthly data Design, develop, and implement research methods and advanced data analytic techniques to analyze key questions related to suicide prevention program and intervention outcomes and effectiveness. Combine large and small data sets to explore hypotheses and answer research questions. Ability to conduct descriptive and inferential statistics, including regression and analysis of variance. Provide consultation on design of data processing systems, specifying the needed output, the required input and the methods of validation and quality control. Responsible for ensuring the statistical validity of study activities by solving problems occurring in the data collection process. Performs data replication studies and critically evaluates statistical procedures used to produce study results. Work with team to recommend and administer effective statistical methodology and strategies necessary for the creation, completion, and analysis of epidemiology or research projects and supervises the planning and designing of analytical procedures by others. Provide technical expertise, consultation, advice on statistical analysis, methods and techniques for data studies. Collaborate with other researchers in the healthcare disciplines. Convert highly statistical numerical output results into easily-understood written form for display in PowerPoint slides, Word documents and Excel spreadsheets. Perform data mining exercises to identify areas of excellent performance and areas of potential improvement. Apply statistical methods including, but not limited to: linear, logistic, and conditional logistic regression models, as well as survey statistics and survival analysis. Perform a variety of tasks relying on extensive clinical, statistical and information technology experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Prepare analysis plans and writes detailed specifications for analysis files, consistency checks, tables, and figures; communicate with clients regarding statistical analysis issues. Run utilization analyses and descriptive statistics, in order to support Logic Model for program evaluation. Conduct Automated Media Scoring. Obtain media articles on DoD suicide events weekly and score and evaluate the content; develop an algorithm to automate the media scoring process; develop tailored outreach methods to specific media outlets and reporters that regularly cover media reporting; expand and refine media scoring methods to include social media and other user-generated content sites. Review the annual report, provide written feedback, develop briefs, and disseminate findings. Merge disparate data sets to create one large operational data set for analysis of trends using data architecture and social science best practices. Conduct descriptive statistics, univariate and multivariate analyses, nonparametric models and statistics on an as needed basis. Develop scales, higher level nested models, hierarchical linear modeling, nested within units, as needed. Translate statistical analyses so that lay audiences will understand and comprehend information. Provide guidance and instruction on appropriate statistical evaluation methods and practices. Assists clients in interpretation of statistical results. Clearly summarize findings in oral, written, and graphical forms. Assist with justifying and defending statistical analyses to leadership and federal partners. Schedule meetings and teleconference calls, visit requests, parking, prepare meeting agendas, maintain meeting minutes, taskers and minutes repository SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY None EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Doctorate Degree required in Biostatistics, Computer Science, Statistical Mathematics, or other related field and/or discipline. Minimum 5 years of experience as a Statistician/Biostatistician using commercial statistical software packages, preference for SPSS. Experience with sample size calculations and methodologies. Experience in Suicidology or other behavioral health discipline. Proficient in the use of analysis software, namely SPSS, SAS, and/or R and other innovative techniques (blockchain, etc.) Excellent written and verbal communication Proven application of Microsoft office suite (specifically Excel and PowerPoint) Familiarity with governmental agency policies, procedures, and culture. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Knowledge of surveillance and case-control study design and analysis. Experience with a variety of different groups in various disciplines. Strong database skills particularly querying and transforming datasets for import into various applications. Knowledge of various healthcare data sources and clinical issues. Knowledge of public health and social science approaches. Experience in Suicidology or other behavioral health disciplines preferred. Knowledge of the principles, practices, and methods to plan and implement public health programs. Authoritative quantitative analysis skills, particularly in machine learning, multivariate statistical modeling, and data mining. Knowledge of analytical and evaluative techniques. Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills. Strong client management skills. Strong attention to detail and problem-solving abilities. Ability to respond effectively to changing events and competing priorities Ability to multi-task and re-prioritize to meet deadlines. WORK ENVIRONMENT These duties occur in an office setting. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements. U.S. Citizenship. Presently or previously held a CAC or PIV preferred Must obtain/maintain a favorable FBI National Criminal History Check (fingerprint check) and submit a National Agency Check and Law Credit (NACLAC II) vetting package for processing. Must maintain favorable FBI National Criminal History checks and ensure completion and successful adjudication of a NACLAC as required for Federal employment. With $400 million in annual revenue, more than 3000 employees and nearly 1,000 federal projects for more than 60 government agencies in 26 countries, 50 states and 2 territories, Cherokee Nation Businesses' (CNB) team of companies are well positioned to deliver the expertise needed to solve the world's most pressing issues. Together, CNB's companies provide an array of services - from applications and data services to cybersecurity and national defense - for 12 of the 15 Cabinet departments. Why consider Cherokee Nation Businesses? The following links can help you learn more about what we do and the many great reasons to join our team! http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/Pages/home.aspx http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/careers/Pages/home.aspx http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions/Pages/overview.aspx Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may email \"CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com\" for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status. For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for the purpose of proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2020 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at \"CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com\" This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications. Apply "
}