{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-02-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/",
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Summer-2020-Blockchain-in-Practice-Internship-Washington-DC-US-Stimson-Center/92e50576-baac-4d5c-8ac5-f5f074a6bf06"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://job-openings.monster.com/summer-2020-blockchain-in-practice-internship-washington-dc-us-stimson-center/92e50576-baac-4d5c-8ac5-f5f074a6bf06",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Summer 2020 Blockchain in Practice Internship job at Stimson Center | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "AF1F06C75BBDBB838F717CB59A1CBB0B",
    "Body": " Summer 2020 Blockchain in Practice Internship at Stimson Center Washington, DC ? About the Job The Blockchain in Practice (BiP) Program offer a unique opportunity to gain experience in the field of nuclear non-proliferation, materials security and control alongside emerging technologies such as blockchain. The Stimson Center's Blockchain in Practice Program investigates applications and implications of blockchain technologies (or more specifically, distributed ledger technology, DLT) for non-proliferation and international security. Efforts are currently focused on studying the impact of DLT on organizations and people within four main streams: nuclear safeguards, nuclear security, export controls and the peaceful trade of dual-use chemicals. The internship will be focused on DLT efforts that are cross-cutting with other programs at Stimson. The Blockchain in Practice program is a part of Stimson's Promoting Security & Prosperity (PSP) Initiative which cultivates research, analysis, and on-the-ground activities to identify pragmatic policy solutions to some of today's most pressing threats to international security and economic vitality. Comprised of five distinct yet collaborative programs, the PSP convenes stakeholders and works to chronicle and develop innovative responses to an array of transnational challenges at the national, regional, international levels. Responsibilities for an intern include: Research, writing, analysis, and editing for programs' publications Coordination of events Representing Stimson at meetings and related events Administrative support Generally, strong candidates for this internship will have the following qualifications: Strong interest in applications of blockchain/DLT to international security Intermediate to strong understanding of Blockchain/DLT Strong interest in multidisciplinary and innovative solutions to nuclear proliferation challenges Strong research, analysis, writing, and editing skills, including experience in archival research Excellent attention to detail and a commitment to high-quality work Flexibility to work effectively both independently, without supervision, and as part of a team Full-time availability Graduate students are encouraged to apply. Experience in nuclear issues is preferred, but not essential. Experience or education related to blockchain technology is essential. Applicants must be able to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per week. Preference may be given to those available 30+ hours per week.Please submit your resume, cover letter, and short (no more than 5 pages) writing sample as a single PDF. ",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/Summer-2020-Blockchain-in-Practice-Internship-Washington-DC-US-Stimson-Center/92e50576-baac-4d5c-8ac5-f5f074a6bf06"
}