{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Manager-Platforms-Development-McLean-VA-US-PenFed-Credit-Union/ef9dc8a6-02a0-4604-9df6-52859af931bc",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/manager-platforms-development-mclean-va-us-penfed-credit-union/ef9dc8a6-02a0-4604-9df6-52859af931bc"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Manager, Platforms Development job at PenFed Credit Union | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "AFC32BEDDFA45B3FE16431174B7E8921",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/manager-platforms-development-mclean-va-us-penfed-credit-union/ef9dc8a6-02a0-4604-9df6-52859af931bc",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Manager, Platforms Development at PenFed Credit Union McLean, VA   About the Job Manager, Platforms Development PenFed is continuing to hire and train exceptional individuals to help us serve our 2 million members both here and around the world.  In light of the current situation with novel coronavirus (COVID-19), we have modified our hiring, onboarding, training, and deployment protocols in order to comply with current local and state guidance around social distancing. PenFed is committed to the safety of our teammates around the globe.  If you have any questions or concerns, please reach out to us for more information.     Summary PenFed Credit Union is hiring a Manager, Platforms Development in Mclean, Virginia. The primary purpose of this role is to manage the development (front-end, mid-tier, and backend development) team that supports various web properties for PenFed. This position will aide in bridging the gap between business and technology and driving the business forward in their objectives with innovative technology applications.   Essential Functions Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of job duties and the position will perform other duties as assigned. Design, execute, utilize and maintain pages within various PenFed platforms. Prepare all required Technical Proposal pertinent to platform development Administer support for Marketing Digital, Information Technology, Information Security, and Business Units. Supervise training and development of platform development staff. Assign work to development personnel and evaluate plus manages their performance. Support to recruit development personnel, technical staffing and project team\u2019s formation. Supervise platforms development deliverables. Manages continuing support and provide system metrics for public-facing products. Present practical input for strategic technology decisions. Support preparation of Platforms Technology Roadmap. Comply with all professional departmental as well as company best practices. Present project management backup as required. Assist in translation of business requirements into technical needs and actions. Supervise reporting responsibility for independent development contractors, developers and outsourcing partners. Ensure platforms development personnel are suitably trained to perform all job functions and suitably use project and software related tools. Ensure appropriate company and departmental Change Control and operational procedures are followed for all production-related updates assigned changes. Follow Agile/Scrum methodologies. Understand the current applications and technical architecture and improvise them as needed. Stay abreast of new technologies and methods to optimize development process. Ability to work in a fast paced agile & dynamic environment.   *This role is responsible for ensuring business continuity.*   Education and Experience Equivalent combination of education and experience is considered. Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science or a combination of education and work experience that provides the necessary skills and knowledge to satisfactorily perform the essential job. Minimum of eight (8) years of experience with front-end design, development, testing, and deployment of functional code 5+ years management of platform development team(s) for public-facing websites Minimum of three (3) to five (5) years of supervisory/assistant manager experience. Solid knowledge and vast experience HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and JAVA. Experience with development for the Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) product is a must. Experience within the entire Adobe Experience Cloud gambit of products a plus Advanced experience with MERN (MongoDB, Express, REACT, Node) and JQuery preferred Experience with JQuery, Angular2, Ionic2, REACT Native, and/or Backbone a plus Passionate about technology and showing eagerness to work with the bleeding-edge tech stack Experience in consuming REST APIs, JSON, and HTTP. Experience with CSS preprocessors like Sass or LESS Familiar with the Flux Design Pattern or one of the libraries it inspired (i.e.: Redux, Fluxxor, etc.) Experience with JavaScript-based build tools like Grunt, Gulp, and Bower Knowledge of software/UI patterns regarding the consumption of synchronous and asynchronous web services. Experience with Agile development including daily scrum and weekly iteration reviews and planning Experience with Git Experience with JIRA/Confluence Experience in performance optimization Experience in implementing security in applications Strong time management skills; efficient at multi-tasking and able to work under pressure to deliver multiple business demands on-time, to a high-level standard Must be a strong leader with previous, hands-on, development experience to guide a team forward in an ever-changing and expanding web presence.   Supervisory Responsibility This position will supervise employees.   Licenses and Certifications There are no additional certifications required.   Work Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to an indoor office setting with moderate noise. *Most roles require working in an office setting with moderate noise and the ability to lift 25 pounds.*   Travel Ability to travel to various worksites and be on-call may be required.   About Us Established in 1935, PenFed today is one of the country\u2019s strongest and most stable financial institutions with over 2 million members and over $25 billion in assets. We serve members in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, as well as in Guam, Puerto Rico, and Okinawa. We are federally insured by NCUA and we are an Equal Housing Lender. We are available to members worldwide, via the web, seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day. Our mission isn\u2019t simply to help our members get by. We exist to help them realize every ounce of their potential. We exist to educate, and to encourage. We exist to usher their dreams into the land of reality. We provide our employees with a lucrative benefits package including robust medical, dental and vision plan options, plenty of paid time off, 401k with employer match, on-site fitness facilities at our larger locations, and more.   Equal Employment Opportunity PenFed management will maintain and observe personnel policies which will not discriminate or permit harassment or retaliation against a person because of race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, military or veteran status or obligation, the presence of a physical and/or mental disability or medical condition, genetic information, sexual orientation, and all statuses protected by applicable state or local law in all recruiting, hiring, training, compensation, overtime, position classifications, work assignments, facilities, promotions, transfers, employee treatment, and in all other terms and conditions of employment. PenFed will also prohibit retaliation against individuals for raising a complaint of discrimination or harassment or participating in an investigation of same. PenFed will also reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with a disability so that they can apply for a job or perform the essential functions of a job unless doing so causes a direct threat to these individuals or others in the workplace and the threat cannot be eliminated by reasonable accommodation or if the accommodation creates an undue hardship to PenFed. Contact human resources (HR) with any questions or requests for accommodation at 571-495-7921 or 531-444-8329. Jobs are scraped from the URL http://ch.tbe.taleo.net/ rss feed 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 40075 "
}