{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Transition-to-Independence-Facilitator-Full-Time-Gloucester-MA-US-JRI/2eb4b856-3edd-420e-bdfd-91861ea530bb",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/transition-to-independence-facilitator-full-time-gloucester-ma-us-jri/2eb4b856-3edd-420e-bdfd-91861ea530bb"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Transition to Independence Facilitator Full Time job at JRI | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "B09472AF7A05EADB32F1552C984D707A",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/transition-to-independence-facilitator-full-time-gloucester-ma-us-jri/2eb4b856-3edd-420e-bdfd-91861ea530bb",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Transition to Independence Facilitator Full Time at JRI Gloucester, MA 01930   About the Job Transition to Independence Facilitator Full Time Location Gloucester, MA 01930 Job Type Full-time Seek and support youth and young adult voice to bring a brand new program to Cape Ann!\u202fSeeking a team member who is passionate about improving the lives of youth and young adults through positive peer connections and community based supports. We are looking for who is passionate about empowering youth and young adults who may be falling through the cracks of traditional supports and services. Join our dynamic new team and be a part of the efforts to bring this transformative program to life in Gloucester. Program Description: Healthy Transitions \u2013 Gloucester follows in the footsteps of our initial Healthy Transitions project, YouForward. It is an innovative program serving young adults ages 16-25 who experience or are at risk of developing serious mental health concerns. The program is designed to be flexible, offer low/no barrier access to services and supports, and to rapidly respond and link young people to needed resources. The program is currently funded by a grant from SAMHSA and implemented by the Department of Mental Health in collaboration. Job Description: The Youth and Young Adult (YYA) Peer Mentor will work with the HT Project Director and program staff to ensure participants receive quality services. As a Transition to Independence (TIP) Facilitator, you will provide coaching and facilitation to transitional-age youth in meeting identified life goals, using mentoring, and teaching skills contingency contracting, counseling, and problem solving to maximize the likelihood of success for each youth served. The Tip Facilitator will assist youth in developing skill capacities and core competencies that they will utilize during their transition into adulthood. Job Collaborate with the Project Director and program staff, parent partners, and persons served, to provide education in the community on young adults with mental health concerns and recovery principles. Prepare and help young adults to identify and communicate their strengths, hopes, dreams and goals to their identified using techniques such as harm-reduction and strengths-based approach. Provide case management services within the context of the youth\u2019s culture under the TIP model Guidelines. Ensure youth are achieving goals pertaining to education, career, stabilization, mental and physical health, and creating natural supports. Participate in professional development opportunities. Qualifications: Educational: A bachelor's degree in the social sciences, rehabilitation or education field required; Master's degree preferred. Experience may substitute for education. High school diploma or GED required. Professional: At least 2 years experience working in educational, social service, juvenile justice, and/or mental health settings in which the incumbent is providing counseling, training, therapy and/or guidance to young adults and their families. \u2022Experience utilizing a community mental health program preferred; experience working with specialized populations of adolescents preferred. Familiarity with the Wraparound Model preferred. Acceptable CORI (Criminal Offender Record Information), OIG background check. Knowledge, Skills, and Personal Qualities: A collaborative team player. Knowledge of person-centered, strengths-based, recovery-oriented values and principles and modalities, and psychiatric rehabilitation principles. Strong time management skills, writing skills, organizational skills. Strong commitment to supporting people with mental illness to live, work, have meaningful relationships and receive the resources and supports needed in their community of choice. \u2022 Knowledge of person-centered, strengths-based, recovery-oriented values and principles and modalities, and psychiatric rehabilitation principles Understanding of the cultural, religious, ethnic, and sexual/gender identity differences and wide range of abilities of persons served \u2022 Knowledge and use of advocacy techniques Knowledge of Restorative Justice Practices preferred. Willingness to learn and employ them a must. Job Type: Full-time, 40 hours per week, mostly evenings. This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Posted 30+ days ago "
}