{
    "Body": " Watson Health Services - QA Test Engineer at IBM San Jose, CA ?? About the Job Introduction Are you a pioneer? An \u201cintrapreneur\u201d? Do you like building businesses from the ground up? Are you passionate about Healthcare and want to change how it is delivered today? Are disruptive technologies like AI, Blockchain and Quantum interesting to you? Do you want to run fast and break things?If so, we have an opportunity for you! We are on a journey to build a services practice within IBM Watson Health. Our mission is to bring create a services team that has the clarity, focus, empathy and industry expertise needed to shape the transformative journey with our most important clients. We will do that with the incredible products, data sets and platforms across IBM Watson Health and IBM. This is a new venture that has a startup\u2019s mentality with the support of the IBM enterprise behind it. Health transformation, like digital transformation, requires a balance of technology, people, innovation, and disruption to meet its ambitious goals. Watson Health Services brings those capabilities, our world-class platform, and broad partner ecosystem to some of the most impactful efforts in the Health industry. Our team needs those with intellectual curiosity, desire, ambition and fortitude to help lead these efforts at some of the most prestigious health organizations in the world. Come join our team! Your Role and Responsibilities This role is a QA Engineering / QA Tester Position position. The role requires collaboration with clients and project team members to conduct the testing of new software applications across Watson Health product lines in a client project setting. This role is responsible for the design, implementation, and support of the full quality and testing life cycle across the project and related Watson Health products. Review user needs, requirement specification documents and develop Test Plans. Estimate, plan, develop, execute, and maintain test cases and test protocols for products under development. Perform Software Back-End testing. Create automated tests as appropriate. Work with project management to meet the testing milestones and deliver high quality solutions on time. Share domain knowledge with the rest of the team to continually expand the overall group capabilities. Follow all best practices and procedures as established by the company Required Technical and Professional Expertise + Basic understanding of tools/methodologies and industry standards/best practices applied to test management and QA management + 2-5 years experience in IT as a QA/QC professional + 1+ years healthcare experience + Solid understanding of waterfall and agile work managemen Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + 3+ years' experience with AngularJS, Backbone, jQuery or similar libraries is a plus + 7+ years of developing clean, valid, and compatible websites and applications + Expert with Object Oriented JavaScript and modern JavaScript libraries (e.g., Closure, jQuery, Node.) + Expert with vector, including SVG, HTML5 Canvas, and Animation via JavaScript and CSS + Expert: Python/PHP/Ruby, Objective-C or Java + Excellent leadership, communication and organizational skills About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "B1CF69C4141E101A901E751F9A64363C", 
    "KeyTerms": "css, python, object oriented, health organizations, artificial intelligence, jquery, javascript, ruby, angular, java, clarity, disruptive, collaboration, compliance, health industry, html, backbone, disruptive technologies, agile, protocols, intellectual curiosity, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Jose, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Watson-Health-Services-QA-Test-Engineer-San-Jose-CA-US-IBM/b959cbbd-cf00-4b0d-befb-caea800a22ae", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/watson-health-services-qa-test-engineer-san-jose-ca-us-ibm/b959cbbd-cf00-4b0d-befb-caea800a22ae"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20node", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20node", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Watson Health Services - QA Test Engineer job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/watson-health-services-qa-test-engineer-san-jose-ca-us-ibm/b959cbbd-cf00-4b0d-befb-caea800a22ae"
}
