{
    "Body": " VP Team Lead SaaS Infrastructure Operations Charles River at State Street Burlington, MA ???????????? About the Job Who we are looking for The primary purpose of the SaaS Infrastructure Team Lead position is to manage and support the global SaaS Infrastructure L3 engineering team. This team is responsible for developing and integrating new client-facing services, planning and executing major system upgrades, advanced system troubleshooting, and SME-level support for several critical SaaS components. This is a hands-on, technical position that is expected to also contribute to the team\u2019s engineering efforts at a senior level. This position works closely with other segments of the SaaS Infrastructure group (L2 System Administration, Database, and Security), other teams in SaaS Operations, and other departments within CRD. Why this role is important to us The team you will be joining is a part of Charles River Development (or CRD), that became a part of Company in 2018. CRD helps create enterprise investment management software solutions for large institutions in the areas of institutional investment, wealth management and hedge funds. Together we have created first open front-to-back platform - Company Alpha, that was launched in 2019. Join us if delivering next generation infrastructure, using emerging technologies like AI and Blockchain sounds like a challenge you are up for. What you will be responsible for As a Team Lead, SaaS Infrastructure you will Lead, mentor, and support a team of 4 to 6 senior system engineers. Manage complex support relationships with key vendors, including managed hosting providers. Provide regular feedback on performance and develop skills of team members. Manage work assignments and priorities for team members. Provide advanced production infrastructure support for our large and complex base of live clients. Review and influence the evolving architecture and standards for our SaaS infrastructure. Collect business requirements for new services and translate them to technical goals for team members. Manage, monitor, and troubleshooting production systems with strong focus on continuous improvement Perform capacity planning for server resources and work with vendors to add resources as required. Define and run a system management program for all infrastructure applications and services, such as Citrix XenApp, file transfer servers, identity management, and job scheduling. Create and maintain detailed procedural documentation and diagrams. Lead incident response and troubleshooting efforts as issues arise. Participate in periodic weekend maintenance rotation. Adhere to CRD technical standards, policies, and procedures Maintain awareness on industry standards, internal policies, and best practices. What we value A high degree of technical aptitude and troubleshooting skills required. A strong sense of customer service, attention to detail, and issue ownership. Ability to manage and prioritize multiple significant projects and initiatives. Education & Preferred Qualifications Previous team lead or management experience preferred but not required. Bachelor\u2019s degree in a technical or analytical discipline such as Computer Science, IT, MIS/CIS, Engineering, Financial Engineering, Science, Economics, Mathematics or Statistics. Relevant industry technical certifications preferred (ex: CCNA/CCNP, MCSA/MCSE, CISSP). 10+ years of experience supporting mission critical production operations, 8+ years of experience working with various web technologies. (ex: Apache HTTPD, Tomcat, JBoss, Weblogic, WebSphere, identity management software, databases). 5+ years of senior level experience on a system engineering team that was responsible for new service integration, automation development, platform design, or advanced support and troubleshooting. 5+ years with MS Windows Server system administration or application server support. Experience with Azure, AWS, or other public cloud providers preferred. Advanced understanding of relevant core Microsoft enterprise technologies, such as Active Directory, Group Policies, IIS, WSUS, DFS, DNS, NTFS etc. Some practical experience working with SSL/TLS certificates and a basic understanding of cryptography concepts. Knowledge of basic network architecture concepts (zones/DMZ, VLANs, segmentation, subnetting. LAN/WAN), General exposure to firewalls, switches, routers, and other networking devices.???????????? Good working knowledge of basic firewall configuration concepts (ACL, NAT/PAT, routing statements, ports, protocols, VPNs) Experience with SQL Server or other database technologies strongly preferred. Experience with job scheduling software a plus (ex: Cisco Tidal, AutoSys, BMC Control-M) Experience developing reusable code with PowerShell or other appropriate scripting/programming languages to assist with system administration related tasks. Some exposure to DevOps tools like Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Jenkin, Gitlab etc. a plus. Experience with ITIL/ITSM concepts strongly preferred. Expertise with Viso desired. ", 
    "CompanyName": "State Street", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "B55D8E3F53B0080E91C2758A82CAB1FD", 
    "KeyTerms": "emerging technologies, analytical, financial, chef, hedge funds, cryptography, artificial intelligence, sql, ansible, cloud, puppet, scripting, identity management, devops, aws, protocols, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Burlington, Massachusetts, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/VP-Team-Lead-SaaS-Infrastructure-Operations-Charles-River-Burlington-MA-US-State-Street/27859c6a-496c-4e22-bf36-c9d2429e1cdb", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-team-lead-saas-infrastructure-operations-charles-river-burlington-ma-us-state-street/27859c6a-496c-4e22-bf36-c9d2429e1cdb"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "VP Team Lead SaaS Infrastructure Operations Charles River job at State Street | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-team-lead-saas-infrastructure-operations-charles-river-burlington-ma-us-state-street/27859c6a-496c-4e22-bf36-c9d2429e1cdb"
}
