{
    "Body": " Business Development Software Defined Storage Executive at IBM Washington, DC ???????????? About the Job Introduction As a Business Sales & Delivery Executive, you will support IBM\u2019s consistent growth by bringing to the table your business development, sales, account management, and delivery skills. Picture yourself working with a highly motivated, highly successful team with a proven sales record in IBM\u2019s top technologies. If you\u2019re ready to bring insights and experience in areas such as IoT, Blockchain and digital transformation, we are ready to offer you a best in class career development. Your Role and Responsibilities \u2022 Provide subject matter expertise for storage products and roadmaps, processes, technologies, and routes-to-market, to support offering development, regional sales teams and partners. \u2022 Contribute to the development and implementation of strategies and plans which will increase sales and profits of both existing and prospective new partners. \u2022 Provide partner relation management, act as primary point of contact for a partner, identify key executive, business and technical contacts at the partner and coordinate execution of sales plans. \u2022 Identify new partner opportunities by analyzing IBM strategy, industry strategy, technology shifts, and to create strategic and tactical plans to sign and onboard new partners. \u2022 Provide regular pipeline and cadence reporting to management. \u2022 Contribute to product development by obtaining feedback from partners, and coordinate requests to develop new and competitive products to meet market needs. \u2022 Manage existing partner agreements and lead the negotiation and signing of agreements with new partners. Familiar with, and the ability to successfully negotiate all forms of agreements; NDA\u2019s, MOU\u2019s, Term Sheets, Loan Agreements, SOW\u2019s, OEM and ESA Agreements. \u2022 Build and maintain good working relationships with headquarters-based functional teams; Executive, Brand, Development, Legal, Trust and Compliance, Field Support, Pricing, Finance, etc.), and serve as the liaison between regional sales teams, partners, and such headquarters-based functions. \u2022 Frequent travel to regional sales teams and partners, to execute strategic and tactical business plans, deliver storage strategy, roadmaps and storage product training, negotiate contracts, close large sales opportunities, resolve customer satisfaction issues, etc. \u2022 Attend regional and national trade shows and conferences to build contacts with potential new partners to create new business opportunities. Responsible for developing and implementing strategies for maximizing show success. \u2022 Develops and executes programs to enhance product and brand awareness. \u2022 Grow storage skills by continually updating your storage knowledge in the following areas; IBM storage strategy, hardware, software and service products and roadmaps, industry trends and directions, competitor trends and directions, etc. Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 10+ yrs BDE and/or client engagement experience + 10+ yrs technology industry experience with a strong preference for storage, server and networking technologies + 10+ yrs direct client engagement experience with CxO audiences and executive communication skills + 10+ yrs of project management experience, ability to multi-task and flexibility with varying priorities based on the needs of the business + Deal negotiation and complex contract negotiation experience + Ability to operate and influence in highly matrixed, global team environment + Excellent written and verbal communication, especially the ability to be persuasive, excellent coaching skills; ability to observe, evaluate, and give meaningful feedback Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise N/A About Business Unit IBM Systems helps IT leaders think differently about their infrastructure. IBM servers and storage are no longer inanimate - they can understand, reason, and learn so our clients can innovate while avoiding IT issues. Our systems power the world\u2019s most important industries and our clients are the architects of the future. Join us to help build our leading-edge technology portfolio designed for cognitive business and optimized for cloud computing. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "B7867864B6DC62CA56B0CD70E091C7F5", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, internet of things, compliance, collaboration, financial, business development, cloud computing", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Washington, District of Columbia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Business-Development-Software-Defined-Storage-Executive-Washington-DC-US-IBM/f4fc1e03-e25f-4f9c-95a0-a5fb44d39eb5", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/business-development-software-defined-storage-executive-washington-dc-us-ibm/f4fc1e03-e25f-4f9c-95a0-a5fb44d39eb5"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20multi", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20multi", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Business Development Software Defined Storage Executive job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/business-development-software-defined-storage-executive-washington-dc-us-ibm/f4fc1e03-e25f-4f9c-95a0-a5fb44d39eb5"
}
