{
    "Body": " UX Designer at Cisco San Jose, CA ?? About the Job What You'll Do You will have the opportunity to bring your knowledge and passion for building great user experiences and take it to a new level as you help us create the future of IT service delivery. Identify user interface requirements; help define project approach and user experience strategy. Set conceptual design and suggest product direction based on field research and functional requirements. Define the user interaction model and workflows. Work with visual designers to refine the interactive experience and produce designs consistent with Cisco's brand. Develop prototypes ranging from paper-and-pencil concepts to high-fidelity designs that represent both the visual identity and interaction model required to ensure user success. Develop User Interface Specifications and Guidelines. Work closely with (local and remote) engineers to implement and deliver the final product. Facilitate project communication across a multidisciplinary team throughout all phases of the project. Who You'll Work With We are looking for an energetic and creative UX Designer to join our UX team within the Cloud and Compute organization. You will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team that includes designers, product managers, and engineers and others to create the user experiences for Cisco Intersight. Intersight is an innovative management platform delivered as a service with embedded analytics for Cisco and 3rd party IT infrastructure. It offers an intelligent level of management that enables IT organizations to analyze, simplify, and automate. Who You Are You put people, their real needs and experiences first, and have a deep understanding of UX methodologies, processes, and principles. You can demonstrate end-to-end thinking from insight to concept to wireframes to finished shipped product. Ability to develop new approaches to complex design problems and convey these designs in the form of presentations, prototypes, and design specifications. Must communicate clearly and effectively; strong analytical and oral communication skills; excellent interpersonal skills; a self-starter that is able to collaborate actively with others in a cross-functional team. You love to make the complex simple; You have the analytical ability to translate complex business problems and requirements into useful and compelling design solutions. You aim high, but perfection isn't an obstacle when pragmatism is necessary. Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Human Computer Interaction, Computer Science, Human Factors, Industrial Design, or related field. In-depth understanding of user interface design principles and up to date on trends and theory. Proficient in visualization and prototyping tools such as Sketch, Adobe suite, InVision, etc. Experience designing component-based web, mobile, or desktop applications. Why Cisco WE ARE CISCO #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "BF12234D16B3E62F50E24AA66A0AE8CF", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, visualization, analytical, product manager, wireframes, remote, machine learning, embedded, artificial intelligence", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Remote", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/UX-Designer-San-Jose-CA-US-Cisco/764a53ab-cd52-4471-be23-af658b0b40ff", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/ux-designer-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/764a53ab-cd52-4471-be23-af658b0b40ff"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20visualization", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20visualization", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "UX Designer job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/ux-designer-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/764a53ab-cd52-4471-be23-af658b0b40ff"
}
