{
    "Body": " devops engineer at Tek Systems Blacksburg, VA ?? About the Job Job Summary Top 3 Skills: 1. 3+ years experience Configuring or Administering cloud environments in AWS or Azure (Manager will look at candidates that have experience with google cloud GCP or any other type of cloud experience) 2. 3+ years experience with terraform and ansible (this person will be automating current applications and also use these technologies for scripting) 3. Coding Experience- this person needs to have experience coding in CSS, Javascript, React, typescript (they really need experience in at least 1 of these technologies and understand how the language works in terraform and ansible) Our customer is start-up located in Blacksburg, VA by one of the co-founders Dan Larmier. Block.one is a software publisher specializing in high performance block chain technologies. The newest platform EOSIO is an open source blockchain protocol designed to enable secure data transfers and high-performance decentralized applications. This software introduces a new blockchain architecture designed to enable vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized applications. This is achieved by creating an operating system-like construct upon which applications can be built. The software provides accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous communication, and the scheduling of applications across many of CPU cores or clusters. The resulting technology is a blockchain architecture that may ultimately scale to millions of transactions per second, eliminates user fees, and allows for quick and easy deployment and maintenance of decentralized applications, in the context of a governed blockchain. The company has grown significantly over the last year and has 200 employees now. This person will be working on the Infrastructure team. This team currently has roughly 6 people on the Infrastructure team and are looking to grow rapidly this year. This person day to day will consists of having a stand-up meeting every day to colloborate with the entire team. They have a Kanban board that they use for scrum. This person will spend a lot of time configuring and deploying the applications. This person will also spend a lot of time automating all of the applications. The biggest project this person will be working on is the Voice Platform. This is a social media platform that will be available to the public by the second week in February. This application is a combination of Twitter and Medium (blogging site), The application will allow uses to earn money in crpytocurrency. What is blockchain technology? Blockchain is the digital and decentralized ledger that records all transactions. Every time someone buys digital coins on a decentralized exchange, sells coins, transfers coins, or buys a good or service with virtual coins, a ledger records that transaction, often in an encrypted fashion, to protect it from cybercriminals. These transactions are also recorded and processed without a third-party provider, which is usually a bank. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Tek Systems", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "C1AD3A01AF4D5B0CBD40A2077ABF6E21", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, css, react, decentralized, javascript, ansible, blockchain architecture, cloud, scripting, cloud experience, devops, kanban, dapps, scrum, terraform, typescript, aws, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Blacksburg, Virginia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/devops-engineer-Blacksburg-VA-US-Tek-Systems/6c5a4089-458a-4363-9a11-35a3493536c3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/devops-engineer-blacksburg-va-us-tek-systems/6c5a4089-458a-4363-9a11-35a3493536c3"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20typescript", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "terraform", 
    "Salary": "472-3411", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20typescript", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "devops engineer job at Tek Systems | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/devops-engineer-blacksburg-va-us-tek-systems/6c5a4089-458a-4363-9a11-35a3493536c3"
}
