{
    "Body": " Data Scientist [#2900] at Alteo Montreal, QC H3B4N8 ?? About the Job Alteo is looking for a Data Scientist for a permanent position based in Montreal. In a start-up with a very high growth potential, your main task will be to make the company data as valuable as possible and to enable new usage: collect more, assess accuracy, normalize and clean, compute, visualize and create triggers.?? Responsibilities: Understand the value in our data Draw our data architecture framework Align with our business objectives Put in place the data science framework to extract the semantic and the value from our data and that will enable the use of it Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Profile: BAC in IT, Software Engineering or equivalent 10+ years of relevant experience Experience in data mining algorithm and framework Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and how to use them efficiently in a real-world context Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, etc.) Familiar with the Agile / Scrum methodology Team player, positive attitude, start-up spirit English is a must,??French and/or Spanish is an asset Technical environment: Microservices in Go Protobuf and gRPC for internal microservice interactions, REST when public-facing Docker for our microservices deployments Deployed on AWS for all things infra and managed services Stellar blockchain for auditable, incorruptible transactions Data Warehousing with Airflow & Superset Multiple kinds of databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, MongoDB Android and iOS Apps (Java and Swift)@@@@@ Alteo recherche un Data Scientist pour un poste permanent bas?? ?? Montr??al. Au sein d'une start-up ?? tr??s fort potentiel de croissance, votre t??che principale sera de rendre les donn??es de la compagnie aussi pr??cieuses que possible et de permettre de nouveaux usages: en collectant davantage, en ??valuant la pr??cision, en normalisant et en nettoyant les donn??es, en calculant, visualisant et en cr??ant des d??clencheurs.?? Responsabilit??s : Comprendre la valeur des donn??es Dessiner le cadre de l'architecture de donn??es S'aligner sur les objectifs commerciaux Mettre en place le cadre de la science des donn??es pour extraire la s??mantique et la valeur des donn??es et qui permettra de les utiliser Travailler avec les parties prenantes dans l'ensemble de l'organisation pour identifier les possibilit??s d'exploiter les donn??es de l'entreprise afin d'??laborer des solutions commerciales D??velopper des mod??les de donn??es et des algorithmes personnalis??s ?? appliquer aux ensembles de donn??es Utiliser la mod??lisation pr??dictive pour augmenter et optimiser l'exp??rience des clients, la g??n??ration de revenus, le ciblage publicitaire et d'autres r??sultats commerciaux Profil : BAC en informatique, g??nie logiciel ou ??quivalent Plus de 10 ans d'exp??rience pertinente Exp??rience en mati??re d'algorithme et de cadre d'exploration des donn??es Exp??rience dans l'utilisation de langages informatiques statistiques (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) pour manipuler les donn??es Connaissance de diverses techniques d'apprentissage machine (clustering, apprentissage par arbre de d??cision, r??seaux neuronaux artificiels, etc.) et de la mani??re de les utiliser efficacement dans un contexte r??el Connaissance des techniques et concepts statistiques avanc??s (r??gression, propri??t??s des distributions, tests statistiques, etc.) Familiarit?? avec la m??thodologie Agile / Scrum Esprit d'??quipe, attitude positive, esprit de start-up L'anglais est indispensable, le fran??ais et/ou l'espagnol est un atout Environnement technique : Microservices en Go Protobuf et gRPC pour les interactions internes de micro-services, REST lorsque l'on est en contact avec le public Docker pour nos d??ploiements de micro-services D??ploy?? sur l'AWS pour tout ce qui concerne les infrastructures et les services g??r??s Une cha??ne d'excellence pour des transactions v??rifiables et incorruptibles Entreposage de donn??es avec Airflow & Superset Plusieurs types de bases de donn??es : MySQL, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, MongoDB Applications Android et iOS (Java et Swift) ", 
    "CompanyName": "Alteo", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "C39C7DB24B3CCFF085C326CD8EF1965A", 
    "KeyTerms": "algorithms, python, android, data warehousing, machine learning, microservices, docker, java, data science, stellar, scrum, mysql, software engineer, agile, aws, mongodb, swift", 
    "Language": "French", 
    "Location": "Alteo", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Data-Scientist-2900-Montreal-QC-US-Alteo/f7dc5748-d2b4-480b-a89f-b06edbfb6d3c", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/data-scientist-2900-montreal-qc-us-alteo/f7dc5748-d2b4-480b-a89f-b06edbfb6d3c"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "stellar", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Data Scientist [#2900] job at Alteo | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/data-scientist-2900-montreal-qc-us-alteo/f7dc5748-d2b4-480b-a89f-b06edbfb6d3c"
}
