{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20typescript",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Quantum-Software-Developer-Research-Staff-Yorktown-Heights-NY-YORKTOWN-HEIGHTS-NY-US-IBM/8abc17e2-a530-4967-8d70-aeed0fc4e440",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/quantum-software-developer-research-staff-yorktown-heights-ny-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/8abc17e2-a530-4967-8d70-aeed0fc4e440"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20typescript",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Quantum Software Developer, Research Staff (Yorktown Heights, NY) job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "C54096693127397BF4B80390B8A4E5E2",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/quantum-software-developer-research-staff-yorktown-heights-ny-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/8abc17e2-a530-4967-8d70-aeed0fc4e440",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Quantum Software Developer, Research Staff (Yorktown Heights, NY) at IBM YORKTOWN HEIGHTS, NY   About the Job Introduction IBM Quantum is an industry first initiative to build universal quantum computers for business, engineering and science. This effort includes advancing the entire quantum computing technology stack and exploring applications to make quantum broadly usable and accessible. With a worldwide network of Fortune 500 companies, academic institutions, researchers, educators, and enthusiasts, we are committed to driving innovation for our clients in the IBM Q Network and the Qiskit Community. Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Research is looking to hire a Back-End Developer into the IBM Quantum Cloud team. The mission of this team is to quickly prototype, build and test new technologies, bringing them out of the lab and into the world. This team is comprised of extraordinary product managers, developers and designers, who work closely with members of the scientific research community to bring IBM Quantum innovation to life. We are looking for a talented Senior Back-End Developer to join our Back-end engineering Team in Yorktown, NY. In this position, you will collaborate with our developer team on the design and implementation of new features and components for our web applications. You should also be able to understand and contribute to discussions of design architecture for our APIs An optimal candidate should be a passionate, curious, and self-driven team player who has a strong collaboration ethic while working with a global multi-disciplinary team Additionaly, we are heavily involved in developer communities and open source projects, so we are looking for a developer with similar ties and passion! This position is located in the NYC or Yorktown Heights, NY area Quant18 Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 5+ years in JavaScript/Typescript and Python and much of our Back-end leverages Loopback.io + Strong experience building web APIs . + Strong knowledge using Javascript, Node.js, Express + Experience in Loopback.io. + Strong knowledge in OpenAPI protocol. + Some experience working with a Frontend Team. + Break down a determined use case down into discrete MVPs (minimal viable products). + Some experience Testing big web applications. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Good communication skills, + 3+ years independent research track record, + 2+ years experience in software implementations + Experience in Continuous Delivery. + Knowledge in Test-Driven Development. + Experience working withTypeScript and Databases About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world. What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement NA. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. "
}