{
    "Body": " Blockchain Engineer at Deloitte Arlington, VA 22201 ? About the Job Blockchain Engineer Work you'll do Working with an integrated technical team, this position will work with the architect and other engineers to design and develop scalable secure distributed ledger technology solutions for clients. The ideal candidate will have a background in distributed systems and application development, ideally in blockchain technologies. Desired Skills: Experience with Back-end Development Experience working within a Continuous Delivery (CD) development model Experience developing solutions using cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure etc) Experience developing solutions using container orchestration systems (Google Container Engine, Docker, Kubernetes) Possess a sound understanding of the concepts in the following areas: Distributed computing paradigms / platforms Operating systems, virtualization and containers The team Systems Engineering Our Systems Engineering team delivers large-scale software applications and integrated systems, and assists clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. We develop service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems, and we deliver technology enablement to support CIO services transformation. Systems Engineering professionals focus on key client issues that impact the core business by maximizing operational value, driving down the cost of quality, and enhancing technology innovation. Our teams deliver a wide range of services, including application architecture design and optimization, application modernization, business process management and solution integration, custom application design and development, and large-scale technology delivery program efforts. Qualifications A Master's / Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Active Public Trust Three+ years with hands on coding experience in two or more of the following: C++, Java, Python, GoLang, JavaScript, node.js, JSON One+ years of experience in Smart Contracts and consensus algorithms and developing blockchain applications or proof-of-concepts (POCs) using Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Sawtooth, Ethereum or other blockchain protocols Possess expertise with developing well-designed REST APIs Possess strong analytical skills Possess proven experience with Solidity, Rust, and/or Lisk Team player with excellent communication abilities Passionate about keeping an update on the latest technology / system trends Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future How you'll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte's culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. - provided by Dice ", 
    "CompanyName": "Deloitte", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-29", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "C91E344A59218C78A26B3D2AB6D493D5", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Arlington, Virginia, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-engineer-arlington-va-us-deloitte/02d9aab9-fb35-4e67-9518-59c270a227e5", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Blockchain-Engineer-Arlington-VA-US-Deloitte/02d9aab9-fb35-4e67-9518-59c270a227e5"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Blockchain Engineer job at Deloitte | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-engineer-arlington-va-us-deloitte/02d9aab9-fb35-4e67-9518-59c270a227e5"
}
