{
    "Body": " Portland, OR - Blockchain for Social Impact Intern at Mercy Corps Portland, OR ? About the Job INTERN WORKSITE LOCATION: Portland OR LENGTH OF INTERNSHIP:? January \u2013 April 2020 (10-20 hours per week) INTERN SUPERVISOR:?Senior Technologist, Blockchain? Work closely with: Director, Emerging Technology Emerging Technology Team FUNDING AVAILABLE FOR THE INTERNSHIP: $1500/month stipend Mercy Corps responsibilities For the duration of this internship assignment the intern will receive: Workspace in Portland HQ Office Access to Mercy Corps internal resources and database All materials required for successful completion of assigned tasks Intern responsibilities Intern will remain responsible for all costs associated with: Accommodation and living expenses All other costs associated with this internship Travel to and from Mercy Corps HQ Maintaining their personal computer which will be used for the internship PROJECT DESCRIPTION:? Mercy Corps work is in transition. The context of our work is increasingly defined by new technologies in places of high fragility and limited access, testing the sustainability and appropriateness of our strategies. We are also being called on to respond to the need for more inclusive and use-centered financial services, systems, and tools in both development and humanitarian contexts. To be effective, Mercy Corps needs greater capacity to use emerging technologies that can increase access and improve compliance at scale. The world of blockchain and smart contracts is expanding rapidly and has the potential to be a game changer for our work by providing value transfer and tracking at scale. Increasing our ability to apply these technologies in our programming will also enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations (context analysis, program design, measurement). It will also allow us to facilitate the transfer of similar skills to our in-country stakeholders and program participants. To that end, the emerging technology team is working to transform the impact, effectiveness and sustainability of Mercy Corps' work by enhancing our ability to employ blockchain and smart contracts in operations and program strategies, in humanitarian and development contexts. By taking manageable steps towards integration, Mercy Corps can build the capacity needed at a steady pace, establishing itself as a leader in a soon to be transformational capacity. LEARNING OBJECTIVES: The intern will learn about applying blockchain systems, smart-contracts, and tokenization to make programmatic applications and analyze programs in development and humanitarian contexts. The intern will also be instrumental in building organizational capacity for blockchain and smart-contracts-based applications and interfaces for programming and analysis. DELIVERABLES: The Blockchain for Social Impact Intern will support the objectives of the Emerging Technology team in the following ways: The intern will work directly with the Tech for Development, Finance and Compliance, Monitoring and Evaluation, Cash Programming, Resilience, and other relevant units to develop blockchain and smart contract-based analyses and products to inform programmatic decision making. To accomplish this, the intern will have access to existing program documentation and tools (from internal and external sources/partners). Working with the Emerging Technology team on the following: Identify monitoring needs and requirements for programs to design and build new blockchain-based analysis tools Design technical specifications for the design of a community investment platform using existing web-based applications and smart contract functionality. Ad-hoc technical design for concept notes and pilots with external partners. Work with the Emerging Technology team to draft: Specifications for potential agency use cases to guide discussion with current/potential blockchain and smart contracts partners. Guidelines, modules and projects to improve capacity for country teams and headquarters departments interested in leveraging this technology. (ie - budget and system investment recommendations for teams, depending on potential use cases) Research and compile a directory of relevant blockchain and smart contract online courses and training materials for field staff capacity building. Create custom training materials as needed. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE: Currently enrolled, or recent graduate (no more than 1 year out), of a relevant degree program Computer Science certification or degree in progress or complete Comfortable using smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain and similar platforms Experience with blockchain based applications, especially designing with scalable open-source solutions. Interest in working in a multi-cultural and decentralized office environment Comfortable with ambiguity, and personally motivated Creative thinker and solution-oriented This is a relatively new sector of technology application for Mercy Corps, and work around this to date has largely been owned by a working group of professionally interested colleagues. We don\u2019t yet have a roadmap for how to apply this technology, and have a tight budget, though most partners are keen to provide resources pro bono or at a discount. A successful intern will be comfortable in a relatively unstructured role, working with team members in multiple time zones. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to make this internship their own, as we have a lot of latitude across the agency to focus on multiple sectors (financial inclusion, agriculture, emergency response, food security, etc.) and geographies. Mercy Corps interns and team members represent the agency both during and outside of work hours and are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner and respect local laws, customs and MC's policies, procedures, and values at all times and in all in-country venues. Diversity is powerful. To achieve transformational change, we seek out team members with different origins, beliefs, backgrounds and ways of thinking. Diversity helps us unlock complexity. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Mercy Corps", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-02-05", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "CF401D0080BD91FFFD66D1705C54FE96", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Portland, Oregon, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/portland-or-blockchain-for-social-impact-intern-portland-or-us-mercy-corps/6b5ef6b8-a655-427e-b183-0b75a4ced835", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Portland-OR-Blockchain-for-Social-Impact-Intern-Portland-OR-US-Mercy-Corps/6b5ef6b8-a655-427e-b183-0b75a4ced835"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Portland, OR - Blockchain for Social Impact Intern job at Mercy Corps | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/portland-or-blockchain-for-social-impact-intern-portland-or-us-mercy-corps/6b5ef6b8-a655-427e-b183-0b75a4ced835"
}
