{
    "Body": " IBM Z/LinuxONE Solution Architect at IBM St Louis, MO ?? About the Job Introduction At IBM, Technical Solution Architects work to understand needs and then create complex high-quality solutions that make meaningful impact. You\u2019ll be responsible for overall leadership and delivery of the solutions from requirement gathering through implementation. You\u2019ll use your in-depth knowledge of leading-edge products and technologies along with industry and business skills to influence outcomes. Your Role and Responsibilities *Preferred locations for this role: Austin, TX, San Jose, CA, Poughkeepsie, NY, RTP, NC* The IBM Z Ecosystem organization is searching for an experienced Solution Architect to join the Technical Acceleration Team. As an IBM Z Ecosystem Solution Architect, you will work directly with ISVs and business partners to define reference architectures, requirements and scope of projects and deliver customized solutions for the IBM Z and LinuxONE platforms. You will be partnered with various Business Development Managers (BDM) and IT specialists to build Proof of Concept (PoC) solutions and demonstrate the benefits of the IBM Z and LinuxONE brand. This is a highly visible position and your success as a technical leader and liaison among ISVs and business partners will contribute towards the continued growth of the IBM Z and LinuxONE brand. To be successful in this role, you will require a broad range of skills, such-as the following: IBM Z, Public Cloud, Open Source software, Security, DevOps and excellent communication skills. What you\u2019ll do: + Architect and design the final technical solution that will be leveraged by the ISV and IBM Go-To-Market teams. + Lead solution design and discovery workshops with ISVs and business partners to gather technical and business requirements and understand solution requirements. + Promote the IBM Z brand and solutions to ISVs and business partners + Co-create enterprise solutions with ISVs and facilitate the implementation of PoCs, pilots and benchmarks to demonstrate the capabilities of the ISVs solution on IBM Z platforms. + Identify through daily interaction with ISVs, missing technologies that can be used to extend the capabilities of IBM Z and LinuxONE brands in the industry. + Support and educate Business Development Managers (BDM) and cross-industry strategy teams on the technical capabilities of ISVs solutions. + Own the technical relationship between IBM and ISVs. + Author detailed architectural design documents for promoting and ISVs solution on the IBM Z platform + Present to business partners and open forum audience the capabilities of ISV solutions on IBM Z and LinuxONE. + Research and develop best practices for enterprise modernization Who You Are: + Passionate about technology and the willingness to educate IBM ISVs, clients and business partners on why IBM Z is the industry leader for the enterprise. + Possess a challenger mentality; a real passion for client success, and daily collaboration with clients and business partners. + Ability to think on your feet and solve complex problems with creative and unique solutions. + Thrive in a fast-paced startup like environment and have the ability to lead multiple highly visible projects at once. + Have experience demonstrating business insight for long-lasting client relationships. + A motivated self-starter with the eagerness to continue to learn and develop new skills in an industry that is continually challenging. Required Technical and Professional Expertise For this IBM role we are seeking 5 years of experience with 5 or more of the following technologies: + Industry experience as an Enterprise or Solution Architect + Demonstrated ability in both solving complex business problems using technology communicating effectively with technical&business stakeholders at various organizational levels + Demonstrated behaviors-self-motivation, invention, agility, creativity, and the ability to make things happen in a rapid development environment + 10 years SWDev experience + Experience working with Linux (RHEL/Ubuntu/SLES) and virtualization (i.e. z/VM, KVM) + Prior work deploying Cloud Architectures on-prem or in a Public Cloud + Broad knowledge -container technologies (e.g. OpenShift, Kubernetes and Docker) + Application middleware (e.g. Application servers, ESB, MQ, Kafka) + Database (e.g. DB2, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Mongo, spark) + Knowledge of application runtimes and APIs (e.g. node.js, Open Liberty, nginx) + Ability to travel up to 50% as projects require Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise For this IBM role, we prefer the following technical and professional Experience: + Prior experience working with IBM Z products and solutions + Knowledge of Blockchain (e.g. Hyperledger, Ethereum) + Knowledge of Machine Learning (ML) We are preferring broad experience building complex enterprise solutions, with one or more of the following industries: + Healthcare + Insurance + Banking + Government + Retail About Business Unit IBM Systems helps IT leaders think differently about their infrastructure. IBM servers and storage are no longer inanimate - they can understand, reason, and learn so our clients can innovate while avoiding IT issues. Our systems power the world\u2019s most important industries and our clients are the architects of the future. Join us to help build our leading-edge technology portfolio designed for cognitive business and optimized for cloud computing. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-13", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "D3A6E67D8265AAE88153D73DC900462C", 
    "KeyTerms": "kubernetes, hyperledger, business development, nodejs, proof of concept, machine learning, docker, banking, cloud, ethereum, spark, devops, collaboration, startup, compliance, linux, kafka, cloud computing, mongodb, health care, middleware", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "St Louis", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/IBM-Z-LinuxONE-Solution-Architect-St-Louis-MO-US-IBM/49d10597-6b22-4c9a-8cfb-6337c17d96f8", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/ibm-z-linuxone-solution-architect-st-louis-mo-us-ibm/49d10597-6b22-4c9a-8cfb-6337c17d96f8"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20mongo", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20mongo", 
    "Startup": "True", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "IBM Z/LinuxONE Solution Architect job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/ibm-z-linuxone-solution-architect-st-louis-mo-us-ibm/49d10597-6b22-4c9a-8cfb-6337c17d96f8"
}
