{
    "Body": " Senior Systems Engineering Manager US Commercial Select CA 1292995 at Cisco San Jose, CA ?? About the Job Cisco Sales is all about Inspiring Dreams, Accelerating Growth, Connecting Worlds, Recognizing Wins, Respect and Enabling you to be your best. Who You'll Work For: As we continue to uphold our standard of excellence in US Commercial, we are embracing unprecedented innovation as tremendous opportunity for growth. We succeed because we listen to our customers and anticipate their needs as the market shifts and technology transitions accelerate. Our customers are versatile, agile and adopt technology fast to compete aggressively and grow their business. We are confident our model provides you with unlimited opportunities to succeed at Cisco. Our culture is one of support and empowerment. What You'll Do: As a Senior Systems Engineering Manager at Cisco, you will be a leader of leaders, providing the strategy and processes to drive technical excellence, operational quality, and SE development across the Commercial Theater. Planning the technical direction for the team, you'll be identifying expertise to grow the team as needed, and facilitating key partnerships between internal, partner, and client organizations. Who you are: * Understand and are conversant about the company, its solutions, product strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. You bring solid knowledge and experience of customer management practices. * Bring in-depth understanding and experience in management of all aspects of sales support processes. You bring a detailed understanding of organizational structures, management practices, staff development and retention. * You have excellent written, oral communication, listening, negotiation and presentation skills. * Excellent leadership, coaching and mentoring skills. You have a strong ability to gain and maintain respect of management staff with excellent conflict resolution and team building skills. * An uncanny ability to communicate and align people within the organization, gaining the cooperation of those who may be needed to influence the creation of teams and coalitions that understand the corporate vision and strategies, and accept their validity. * Knowledge of relevant solutions sets, product line specifications, performance criteria and applications. You bring thorough competitive knowledge including solutions, technology and product offerings. * You bring 10 +years related experience in the internetworking technology industry and 7+ years management experience. * Pre-sales experience and as a bonus bring specific Cisco experience * You possess a BS/BA (EE/CS) or equivalent. Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything - people, process, data and things - and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, protects and learns, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more - from Smart-Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We Are Cisco We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) And only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "D6ED39E435664D14AC5F7BB9F2DC29EC", 
    "KeyTerms": "agile, machine learning, artificial intelligence, health care", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Senior-Systems-Engineering-Manager-US-Commercial-Select-CA-1292995-San-Jose-CA-US-Cisco/5e405a08-37d8-450b-b635-c8035258cccd", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-systems-engineering-manager-us-commercial-select-ca-1292995-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/5e405a08-37d8-450b-b635-c8035258cccd"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=18", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=18", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Senior Systems Engineering Manager US Commercial Select CA 1292995 job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/senior-systems-engineering-manager-us-commercial-select-ca-1292995-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/5e405a08-37d8-450b-b635-c8035258cccd"
}
