{
    "Body": " DevOps Platform Developer at Salient CRGT Bethesda, MD 20186 ???????????? About the Job Salient CRGT in partnership with Medical Science and Computing (MSC) is searching for a DevOps Platform Developer to support the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), part of the U.S. National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health. This opportunity is full-time, and it is on-site in Bethesda, MD ???????????? National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) is part of the National Library of Medicine (NLM) at National Institutes of Health (NIH). NCBI advances science and public health by providing free access over the web to biomedical literature and genomic data, making it one of the 400 top most-visited sites in the world. NCBI's diverse staff of smart, talented, and deeply technical people collaborate to build critically valuable services for researchers, physicians, educators, students, and the general public. For example, NCBI develops and delivers PubMed, an index of over 29 million biomedical research abstracts, often with links to full-text literature and supporting data. NCBI is located in Bethesda, Maryland, and is part of the U.S. National Library of Medicine, one of the National Institutes of Health. ???????????? DevOps facilitates software development and deployment by utilizing automation and providing efficient and convenient solutions for challenges of scaling development efforts across teams, languages, and cloud environments. We welcome junior candidates with a strong background in Computer Science and desire to learn or experienced engineers willing to challenge the depth and breadth of their expertise. Responsibilities include: Our DevOps team: Streamlines multi-language software development by providing tools and templates to solve common challenges of Continuous Integration We support C++, Python and Scala, and also work with Go and Rust Develops a modern continuous deployment platform with cutting-edge technologies (containers, cluster schedulers, service mesh, dynamic secrets provisioning) Minimizes????????????toil by automating configuration via codification (Terraform is one of our main instruments) Works with product development teams to help them adopt the platform and best practices (we maintain some of the \"core libraries\" product teams rely on) Performs research and evaluates new technologies to meet the most advanced demands of our product teams (e.g., delivering large, versioned data sets to applications running on Kubernetes) Maintains a high level of education for ourselves and our customers (training courses on-site and off-site, conference attendance and tuition reimbursement) Practices Agile development (Scrum) and continuous improvement???????????? At its foundation, our deployment platform stands on: TeamCity for Continuous Integration (while also considering Jenkins and GitLab) Artifactory for storing libraries developed internally, as well as container images (ECR and GCR experiments in cloud environments are planned) Nomad and Kubernetes to schedule and run our deployments (currently transitioning from Nomad to Kubernetes) Telegraf, InfluxDB, Kapacitor????????????and Grafana along with OpsGenie for monitoring and alerting (recently set up Influx Enterprise cluster) Consul and Linkerd for service discovery (we heavily contributed to Consul support in Linkerd in its early days) Vault for secrets management (looking to scale it massively) Puppet and Terraform for configuration management (we develop custom Terraform plugins for our specific needs) AWS, GCP????????????and on-premises datacenters (we strive to provide a seamless application deployment experience between data centers and clouds) Analyze requirements presented by Product Owner and design sustainable solutions to advance deployment of platform functionality Manage cloud infrastructure as code Develop software to facilitate Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment Troubleshoot performance and scalability issues in products and infrastructure Mentor junior team members (or be a mentee) Requirements Strong knowledge of at least one of the following programming languages: Python, Go, Java, Scala, Rust, C++; and desire to learn new languages Hands-on Linux experience. System programming expertise or understanding of how container runtimes work is a big plus Experience with AWS, GCP, Azure, or other cloud service providers Experience using cluster scheduler technologies (Kubernetes, Nomad, Mesos), or solid understanding of the concepts they operate upon Understanding of distributed systems design principles (we will ask you about consensus, and we don't mean blockchain) Customer-focused, team-oriented disposition Interpersonal communications skills, to interface with customers, peers????????????and management Integrity and responsibility Educational Requirements B.S. in a STEM field (Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics) Alternatively, equivalent industry experience in Software Development Desired Skills Strong presentation skills Experience mentoring other developers Experience working with HashiCorp products Experience setting up or using monitoring systems (Grafana, TICK Stack, Prometheus) Experience managing stateful datasets in cloud environments Any other DevOps technologies, any prior DevOps experience ???????????? Clearance Requirements: U.S. Citizen or permanent resident with the ability to attain a Public Trust clearance???????????? Location:????????????Bethesda, MD / Rockville, MD???????????? ???????????? ???????????? Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Salient CRGT", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "D734C1FA90653AAC9975DD60821AB765", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, kubernetes, continuous integration, python, scala, platform developer, full time, cloud, puppet, consensus, rust, java, ecr, devops, linux, scrum, distributed systems, continuous deployment, containers, terraform, agile, aws, mesh, azure", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Bethesda, Maryland, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/DevOps-Platform-Developer-Bethesda-MD-US-Salient-CRGT/8bf4d187-7e9a-43b2-9603-4fee590f967e", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/devops-platform-developer-bethesda-md-us-salient-crgt/8bf4d187-7e9a-43b2-9603-4fee590f967e"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "rust", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "DevOps Platform Developer job at Salient CRGT | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/devops-platform-developer-bethesda-md-us-salient-crgt/8bf4d187-7e9a-43b2-9603-4fee590f967e"
}
