{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20parachain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Salon-Manager-Mesa-AZ-US-Ulta-Beauty/fcaebfea-8613-46fd-93e7-767a4f83a020",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/salon-manager-mesa-az-us-ulta-beauty/fcaebfea-8613-46fd-93e7-767a4f83a020"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20parachain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Salon Manager job at Ulta Beauty | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "D823BA95913C199FA83D526AEF2B1595",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/salon-manager-mesa-az-us-ulta-beauty/fcaebfea-8613-46fd-93e7-767a4f83a020",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Salon Manager at Ulta Beauty Mesa, AZ 85123   About the Job Overview Experience a perfect blend of deliberate purpose and clear-eyed vision. At Uta Beauty, some of the industry\u2019s most highly-esteemed beauty leaders share themselves, as well as their expertise. Building authentic community. Creating a real sense of belonging\u2014even as they\u2019re plotting a bold, strategic course of exciting innovations destined to revolutionize the industry.   Think robust organizational support. Ever-increasing levels of investment. And a healthy dose of personal empowerment and growth opportunity. All with a company of unwavering strength and stability.   We are the future of beauty services. Be part of the transformation. THE IMPACT YOU CAN HAVE:   As a Salon Manager at Ulta Beauty, you\u2019ll have the opportunity to lead the overall performance and productivity of Beauty Services at your given store. This means true ownership of one of the most critical and strategic in-store offerings our organization provides. Applying strong business acumen and natural leadership skills, you will recruit, develop, and advance a premier team of associates, building on a model of excellence, enhancing our distinctive culture, and delivering in ways that heighten passion and loyalty of both guests and associates. Making Ulta Beauty the premier destination for all things beauty in your market, while creating even greater career opportunities for yourself.   You\u2019ll accomplish all of this by:   Meeting/exceeding various salon financial metrics (e.g., service revenue, average ticket, guest count, guest retention, rebooking, pro hair retail revenue, retention/turnover and contribution goals) Optimizing revenue opportunities (e.g., payroll management, average ticket and rebooking) and ideating services promotions and demonstrations Promoting all services, including skin, brows and make-up Modeling high standards of guest service and salon image, performing hair services on guests (time behind the chair based on business need) Overseeing a dynamic store services team (e.g., training, product knowledge, skills development, scheduling, etc.) Establishing performance metrics for the team and/or personal goals, to include monthly development meetings and annual performance appraisals Partnering with General Manager, District Manager and Services District Leader on revenue, productivity and related goals Developing quarterly plans of action and ensuring strong delivery Recruiting superior performers per Ulta Beauty guidelines Ensuring attendance of all internal/external technical and product training classes Ordering adequate supplies to service guests THE ESSENTIALS FOR SUCCESS:   Qualified candidates will be licensed Cosmetology school graduates who possess:   5 years of relevant work experience (or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience) 2 years of salon management experience, including management license, as required by state law Advanced competency in salon sales, products and service Demonstrated knowledge of State board of Cosmetologists\u2019 regulations and hiring requirements Agility to flex based on evolving priorities A solid strategic mindset, with the ability to develop and achieve high levels of team/associate performance   Essential Functions: On a regular basis, requires the ability to walk On a regular basis, requires the ability to reach with hands and arms On a regular basis, requires the ability to stand for a minimum of 4 hours On a regular basis, requires the ability to lift and/or move 50 lbs. On an occasional basis, requires the ability to climb a ladder and balance About At Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ: ULTA), the possibilities are beautiful. Ulta Beauty is the largest North American beauty retailer and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products and salon services. We bring possibilities to life through the power of beauty each and every day in our stores and online with more than 25,000 products from approximately 500 well-established and emerging beauty brands across all categories and price points, including Ulta Beauty\u2019s own private label. Ulta Beauty also offers a full-service salon in every store featuring\u2014hair, skin, brow, and make-up services.   We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest records, conviction records, or other criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles\u2019 Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, and the New York City Fair Chance Act. "
}