{
    "Body": " Database Administrator at Fidelity TalentSource Smithfield, RI 02917 ?? About the Job Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a Database Administrator??to work at Fidelity in Smithfield, RI.?? Fidelity Center for Applied Technology (FCAT) has the mission to catalyze innovation for Fidelity and our clients and supports the entire Fidelity businesses.?? Within FCAT there is a group leading the efforts on how Blockchain technology could both disrupt our current businesses and provide new opportunities for new products and services. We currently have a multi-disciplinary team of software engineers, researchers, designers, product managers, security and compliance experts tackling a number of opportunities. The Expertise We\u2019re Looking For BS or higher education in Computer Science, Software Engineering or IT-oriented degree program. 6+ years admin experience, preferably in a DB Admin and DB DevOps. In depth hands-on experience of the concepts, architecture and administration of??NOSQL - MongoDB / MariaDB / REDIS??databases.?? Experience in installing and configuring databases along with security, performance??tuning, backup, replication and monitoring.?? Familiarity and awareness of implementing and supporting databases in an AWS Cloud Infrastructure environment.?? Financial Services experience and ability to understand the product and business value of the Application DBA technical lead role.?? Experience with DB patching and backup strategies.?? Experience with Database automation tools like Redgate,??Flyway etc. Experience with ALM tools like Stash, Jenkins,??uDeploy, Artifactory, Concourse would be a plus.?? ?? The Purpose of Your Role ?? You will be part of a tremendously talented and diverse software development team responsible for building and maintaining multiple environments.????The Application DBA will be expected to be accountable for project level database deliverables and provide database production support. This person will use their DBA technical knowledge to translate the project requirements by designing and implementing the appropriate database technology solution. You must be comfortable working in a fast paced, pressured and highly ambiguous environment with emerging technologies and high business risks. The Skills You Bring ?? You are an experienced technical DBA who can analyze and implement database technology infrastructure solutions with minimal supervision required and demonstrate the technical aptitude to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues quickly.?? You have the ability to collaborate well with your team members and influence your technology peers???? You demonstrate the aptitude to learn new technologies and communicate the business value of a new technology solution?? You can evaluate, design and implement project database design solutions???? ?? The Value You Deliver Implement database technology solutions that meet the business requirements within the agreed upon timeframes.?? Perform application database administration functions including database performance tuning, database application design, physical data modeling, and environment support???? Engage with Technology Engineering and Infrastructure groups to plan and manage changes into the production environment?? Triage and resolve database technical issues efficiently whilst mitigating the impact to the business???? Ability to analyze technical database problems and implement solutions and/or workarounds that solve the business problem???? Be the key technical member of the project delivery team???? Company Overview Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity\u2019s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity\u2019s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com. Information about Fidelity Investments At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers. \u200b ", 
    "CompanyName": "Fidelity TalentSource", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-21", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "D9AC3DF777943F40009A9F7A852F75B7", 
    "KeyTerms": "cloud, emerging technologies, compliance, devops, financial, product manager, software engineer, aws, mongodb, nosql", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Smithfield, Rhode Island, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Database-Administrator-Smithfield-RI-US-Fidelity-TalentSource/8f2abc26-54d6-4a01-8386-a04db50cf033", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/database-administrator-smithfield-ri-us-fidelity-talentsource/8f2abc26-54d6-4a01-8386-a04db50cf033", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/database-administrator-smithfield-ri-us-fidelity-talentsource/FidelityCareers.com", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/database-administrator-smithfield-ri-us-fidelity-talentsource/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.fidelitytalentsource.com%2F", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/v2/job/apply?jobId=8f2abc26-54d6-4a01-8386-a04db50cf033"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Database Administrator job at Fidelity TalentSource | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/database-administrator-smithfield-ri-us-fidelity-talentsource/8f2abc26-54d6-4a01-8386-a04db50cf033"
}
