{
    "Body": " Power Electronics-based Microgrid Control with IOT and Blockchain Research - Summer Internship at National Renewable Energy Laboratory Golden, CO ???????????? About the Job Posting Title Power Electronics-based Microgrid Control with IOT and Blockchain Research - Summer Internship . Location CO - Golden . Position Type Intern (Fixed Term) . Hours Per Week 40 . Job Description To conduct research in the area of power electronics and microgrid with Inverter-Based Resources (IBR) with focus on using internet-of-things (IOT) devices and blockchain technology to enhance the coordination of IBR assets for advanced system operation and control. . Basic Qualifications Must be enrolled as a full-time student in a degree granting program, or graduated in the past 12 months from an accredited institution. Internship period cannot exceed 12 months past graduation. Minimum of a 3.0 cumulative grade point average. Please Note: \u2022You will need to upload official or unofficial school transcripts as part of the application process. \u2022If selected for position, a letter of recommendation will be required as part of the hiring process. . Additional Required Qualifications Recent MSEE graduate (Ph.D. Students are highly preferred) Currently engaged in PhD level studies Background in Power Electronics and/or Power Systems Prior experience with hardware prototyping and design Experience in IOT applications Experience in blockchain platform programming Texas Instruments DSP programming/design experience including code generation Software skills: MATLAB/Simulink, PLECS, PSIM Programming language skills Excellent writing and communications skills Ability to present technical results to a wide audience Preferred Qualifications . Submission Guidelines Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at NREL you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. Applications are not kept on file for future positions. Please include a cover letter and resume with each position application. . EEO Policy NREL is dedicated to the principles of equal employment opportunity. NREL promotes a work environment that does not discriminate against workers or job applicants and prohibits unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, marital status, ancestry, actual or perceived sexual orientation, gender identity, or veteran status, including special disabled veterans. NREL validates right to work using E-Verify. NREL will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee\u2019s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. For additional information, click here at http://www.nrel.gov/careers/employment-policies.html . The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) is a leader in the U.S. Department of Energy\u2019s effort to secure an environmentally and economically sustainable energy future. With locations in Golden and Boulder, Colorado, and a satellite office in Washington, D.C., NREL is the primary laboratory for research, development, and deployment of renewable energy technologies in the United States. NREL is subject to Department of Energy (DOE) access restrictions. All candidates must be authorized to access the facility per DOE rules and guidance within a reasonable time frame for the specified position in order to be considered for an interview. DOE rules for site access during the interview process are the same regardless of whether the candidate is interviewed on-site, off-site, or via telephone or videoconference. Additionally, DOE contractor employees are prohibited from participating in certain Foreign Government Talent Recruitment Programs (FGTRPs). If a candidate is currently participating in an FGTRP, they will be required to disclose their participation after receiving an offer of employment and may be required to disengage from participation in the FGTRP prior to commencing employment. Any offer of employment is conditional on the ability to obtain work authorization and to be granted access to NREL by the Department of Energy (DOE). We understand that COVID-19 may have caused delays or closures at offices, consulates, and embassies. However, NREL cannot make exceptions to work authorization and access requirements, and exceptions to these requirements are not being made for COVID-19 related delays. Please review the information on our Hiring Process at https://www.nrel.gov/careers/hiring-process.html website before you create an account and apply for a job. We also hope you will learn more about NREL at https://www.nrel.gov/about/ , visit our Careers site at https://www.nrel.gov/careers/ , and continue to search for job opportunities at https://nrel.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/NREL at the lab. ", 
    "CompanyName": "National Renewable Energy Laboratory", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "DCF736EA780A21145FFADBBD0A4A318A", 
    "KeyTerms": "matlab, internet of things, html, full time, blockchain research", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Golden, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Power-Electronics-based-Microgrid-Control-with-IOT-Blockchain-Research-Summer-Internship-Golden-CO-US-National-Renewable-Energy-Laboratory/ef667a71-1dce-45f8-8151-7a892a92b5fd", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/power-electronics-based-microgrid-control-with-iot-blockchain-research-summer-internship-golden-co-us-national-renewable-energy-laboratory/ef667a71-1dce-45f8-8151-7a892a92b5fd"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=2&page=2", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Power Electronics-based Microgrid Control with IOT and Blockchain Research - Summer Internship job at National Renewable Energy Laboratory | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/power-electronics-based-microgrid-control-with-iot-blockchain-research-summer-internship-golden-co-us-national-renewable-energy-laboratory/ef667a71-1dce-45f8-8151-7a892a92b5fd"
}
