{
    "Body": " Chief Information Officer at Vertex Inc King of Prussia, PA 19406 ???????????? About the Job JOB SUMMARY: The Chief Information Officer (CIO) formulates and implements information technology (IT) processes and systems in support of strategic objectives related to infrastructure and commercial IT initiatives. As a senior executive, partners with the business to develop the long-term vision of information technology at Vertex including driving digital transformation, international growth, hybrid product deployment, and data analytics. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Develops, maintains and leads all strategic information technology objectives for the company, working directly with the Chief Technology Officer and senior leadership; determines and implements technology solutions that meet corporate and commercial strategic and operational objectives. Directs the company's overall IT strategies and priorities in the areas of IT operations, internal systems and technologies, networks, hardware and software, including complex enterprise-wide systems. Manages IT projects and processes in emerging technology areas including software as a service (SaaS) delivery models, blockchain, and automation. Deliver the benefits of digital transformation and unify automation across application development, delivery, and operations. Ensures that the company optimally utilizes appropriate technology and process solutions to meet current and future organizational needs understand the impact of a global business model, commercial IT solutions, and the important of digital and data in the enterprise. Participates as a member of senior leadership by collaborating to create the performance objectives, business direction and pursuits that will ensure the guidance necessary for Vertex to realize its purpose, mission and vision. Manage and coach IT management on leadership and owning the outcomes. Prepares and manages budget; analyzes variances and initiates corrective actions to maximize operational performance. Leads capacity planning efforts with respect to infrastructure and strategic support systems. Conducts financial analyses of alternative methods and solutions to ensure that the company is getting the best possible return on its technology investments. Creates Requests for Proposals and conducts contractual negotiations with vendors. Enhances job knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies; developing and/or maintaining proficiency in the latest personal productivity tools. Perform or direct independent research on various IT and EDM subjects to support innovation and the strategic planning process Coordinate enterprise data management, data warehousing and data integration initiatives Ensure data is available, reliable, consistent, accessible, secure and timely to support the mission and activities of Vertex Inc. Identify and implement process changes to improve the overall effectiveness of Vertex Inc. using digital and information technologies Oversee a comprehensive data management strategy to ensure consistency and standards for data collection, formats, hygiene, sharing, integrations and storage across the organization Advise departments, consultants, and a variety of stakeholders on strategies to integrate with and better utilize enterprise data Invests time and energy in ongoing leadership development; actively seeking feedback from key stakeholders and translating feedback into positive change. Occasional travel required. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage and coach team on all personnel related processes including: selection, performance management, employee relations, compensation and rewards, employee development, etc. Own attainment of high employee engagement and retention; leads development of programs and initiatives within group to attain high employee engagement. Prepare and manage budget as assigned; analyzes variances and initiates corrective actions to maximize operational performance. Determine appropriate resourcing of staff in order to achieve goals and objectives. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Ability to apply broad expertise or unique knowledge and professional concepts to develop resolutions to critical issues. Ability to manage multiple complex, high visibility or high impact projects simultaneously. Demonstrated leadership skills and the ability to influence at all levels within the organization. Ability to facilitate consensus when confronted with strong opposing views. Ability to work without supervision. Complete latitude for decision making. Ability to create formal networks with key decision makers. Excellent communication skills (listening, oral, written, presentation), up to and including BOD level. Must possess strong interpersonal, relationship building, and facilitation skills. Must be results oriented and customer focused, Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills required Familiarity with LEAN methodologies Proficiency in Microsoft Office packages. Sufficient knowledge of business communication, including telephone, voicemail, and e-mail and operations of office machines, such as photocopier, scanner, and fax. EDUCATION, TRAINING: Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience required; Master's degree a plus 12 years' experience in information technology, including at least 7 years in a senior IT management position with a proven record of leadership and technological innovation and improvement. Previous Audit Committee or Board level reporting experience Knowledge of Oracle Projects, A/P, A/R or other ERP system experience required. Knowledge of hybrid software product delivery methods required. Experience with cloud infrastructure vendors and managing end-to-end life cycles of SaaS tools. Previous experience leading digital transformation efforts Other Qualifications - The Winning Way behaviors that all Vertex employees need in order to meet the expectations of each other, our customers, and our partners Communicate with Clarity - Be clear, concise and actionable. Be relentlessly constructive. Seek and provide meaningful feedback. Act with Urgency - Adopt an agile mentality - frequent iterations, improved speed, resilience. 80/20 rule - better is the enemy of done. Don't spend hours when minutes are enough. Work with Purpose - Exhibit a \"We Can\" mindset. Results outweigh effort. Everyone understands how their role contributes. Set aside personal objectives for team results. Drive to Decision - Cut the swirl with defined deadlines and decision points. Be clear on individual accountability and decision authority. Guided by a commitment to and accountability for customer outcomes. Own the Outcome - Defined milestones, commitments and intended results. Assess your work in context, if you're unsure, ask. Demonstrate unwavering support for decisions. REQUIRED LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES: Fosters Innovation: Provides an environment that supports alternative approaches and leads to new processes, products, and services. Promotes Customer Intimacy: Creates an enterprise in which customers are proud to do business with Vertex; collaborates with customers and partners to develop strategies to meet mutual objectives. Aligns and Engages: Aligns people, processes, information systems, and structure with the strategic direction; ensures that expectations are clear, priorities established, focus maintained, and tough decisions addressed; works to gain commitment and buy-in. Develop Talent: Works with others in a helpful way to increase their competence and confidence; eliminates barriers and provides needed resources and support for personal and professional growth. COMMENTS: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals in this position. Other functions may be assigned and management retains the right to add or change the duties at any time. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Vertex Inc", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "DEB893728260E6366486C205BD37A4D7", 
    "KeyTerms": "consensus, cloud, data analytics, clarity, information technology, financial, data warehousing, agile, information systems, strategic planning, application development", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Prussia", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Chief-Information-Officer-King-of-Prussia-PA-US-Vertex-Inc/a7aaae2d-79b4-4f26-b6d8-d0b308b4e0f3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/chief-information-officer-king-of-prussia-pa-us-vertex-inc/a7aaae2d-79b4-4f26-b6d8-d0b308b4e0f3", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/chief-information-officer-king-of-prussia-pa-us-vertex-inc/https%3A%2F%2Fars2.equest.com%2F%3Fresponse_id%3Ddddd02192f8983f529f041edc29b7027"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=13", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "consensus", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=13", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Chief Information Officer job at Vertex Inc | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/chief-information-officer-king-of-prussia-pa-us-vertex-inc/a7aaae2d-79b4-4f26-b6d8-d0b308b4e0f3"
}
