{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/RN-Telemetry-Full-Time-Nights-Fountain-Valley-CA-US-Fountain-Valley-Regional-Hospital-Medical-Center/52e99c9e-0a52-4834-a888-4e6aa286491e",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-telemetry-full-time-nights-fountain-valley-ca-us-fountain-valley-regional-hospital-medical-center/52e99c9e-0a52-4834-a888-4e6aa286491e"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20viper",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "RN Telemetry Full Time Nights job at Fountain Valley Regional Hospital and Medical Center | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "DF7042EB532E0C049397F8D017451B69",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/rn-telemetry-full-time-nights-fountain-valley-ca-us-fountain-valley-regional-hospital-medical-center/52e99c9e-0a52-4834-a888-4e6aa286491e",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " RN Telemetry Full Time Nights at Fountain Valley Regional Hospital and Medical Center Fountain Valley, CA   About the Job Fountain Valley Regional Hospital is proud of the full range of quality services we provide. Since 1971, we have dedicated our efforts to meet and serve the medical needs of our growing community. We were the first hospital in Orange County to offer residents an accredited Chest Pain Center and a Thrombectomy Receiving Center certified by The Joint Commission. We are one of only two certified Pediatric ICUs in Orange County and the only hospital in Fountain Valley and Huntington Beach with a Level III Neonatal ICU. We re proud of the efforts of our physicians, nurses and staff who strive to provide you with the best care possible. We offer competitive salaries and benefits including a matching 401(k), several health & dental plans to choose from, generous tuition assistance plans, and relocation assistance for select positions. ASSESSMENT: 1. Interviews patient, family, significant others to formulate a nursing history. 2. Observes, identifies and collects data to identify nursing care needs of the patient and family. 3. Correlates the medical plan of care with the nursing plan of care. 4. Identifies and reports to the appropriate person(s) abnormal diagnostic data and clinical changes in the patient's condition. PLANNING: 5. Develops and/or updates individualized nursing care plan on each patient. 6. Documents patient problems and nursing care needs of the patient and family/significant others. 7. Actively involves patient and family/significant others in planning patient's care. 8. Develops short- and long-term goals for the patient and family/significant others. Identifies the need to involve other disciplines in the patient's care. 9. Initiates discharge planning upon admission. IMPLEMENTATION: 10. Performs common nursing procedures as defined in Policy and Procedure Manual. 11. Implements changes in physicians' orders in a timely manner. 12. Explains treatments and procedures to patient and family/significant others. 13. Provides patient and family teaching. 14. Provides for the safety, cleanliness and comfort of the patient. 15. Initiates emergency procedures as needed within the scope of practice and hospital policy. EVALUATION: 16. Evaluates the patient's response to nursing care. 17. Updates and revises care to be delivered as patients' needs change. 18. Appropriately communicates changes and care given to other members of the health care team. PROFESSIONAL GROWTH AND RESPONSIBILITY: 19. Assumes leadership role and delegates nursing care. 20. Assigns tasks appropriately and guides team members based on their skills and abilities. 21. Maintains awareness of legal aspects of hospital nursing. 22. Conducts patient care conferences. 23. Updates skills and knowledge and attends peers' patient care conferences. 24. Assists in orientation and/or acts as a preceptor for new personnel. 25. Sets goals and objectives with target dates. 26. Participates in patient care Quality Assurance programs. UNIT SPECIFIC: 27. Manages patients as a team leader or primary care giver. 28. Demonstrates ability to assess patients' signs and symptoms with impending CVA, Pulmonary Edema, MI, CHF, PE, respiratory distress. 29.Assures and teaches patient's pre/post open heart surgery, heart catheterization, PTCA. 30. Assesses neurological status (including cognitive levels) in post head injured patients. 31. Maintains all intravenous lines and fluids (i.e., CVP, Hickman catheters, mini infusers hyperalimentation, dialysis catheter, etc.). 32. Clearly documents effectiveness of nursing care (i.e., pain management and response to treatments such as wound care). 33. Demonstrates basic computer entry skills. 34. Demonstrates knowledge and skills in application of various types of monitor leads. 35. Demonstrates knowledge and skills in recognizing and acting accordingly to life threatening arrythmias. 36. Point of care testing Qualifications: A. Minimum Education: Knowledge necessary to obtain RN license in the state of California and current California RN license. Current American Heart Association BLS certification. ACLS and Initial Dysrythmia Recognition within 90 days of hire. Required: Graduate of an accredited School of Nursing Preferred: Academic degree in nursing (Bachelors or Masters degree) B. Minimum Experience: Recent acute care experience preferred. The hospital, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to combine any of the above required experiences, or to consider applicants other work related experience in order to meet the above mentioned requirements. #LI-AV1 Job: Cardio/Coronary/Tele Primary Location: Fountain Valley, California Facility: Fountain Valley Regional Hospital and Medical Center Job Type: Full-time Shift Type: Nights Employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant\u2019s or employee\u2019s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Tenet will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. "
}