{
    "Body": " Network Security Professional at IBM RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, NC ?? About the Job Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. Your Role and Responsibilities Location: Raleigh/Durham, North Carolina At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, let\u2019s talk. At IBM, we are conducting groundbreaking research in cutting edge technology areas such as; Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Quantum Computing, the Internet of Things, Cloud Computing and innovative Blockchain applications. At IBM, we are applying these capabilities to solve the hard business and technology problems for ourselves and our clients. At IBM, we are building the future through innovation that matters. Come join the office of the IBM Chief Information Security Officer and help meet the challenges of keeping our global enterprise secure as we sprint into the future. We are looking for enthusiastic and innovative team members to join us as we design and deploy our next generation, secure network architecture from our location in Research Triangle Park, NC. Responsibilities include: + Design and deploy our next generation, secure network architecture by applying contemporary security practices and modern networking techniques on a global scale. + Leverage your existing technical skills and develop new cutting-edge skills as you develop innovative solutions to address unique network security challenges. + Enhance IBM\u2019s security through the creation and development of secure, scalable, network security architectures and security models. + Actively contribute to the creation of a world-class network security architecture review and governance process to evaluate the security of current and proposed network security architecture and designs. + Evaluate network security architectures and designs to ensure that existing and proposed network architectures meet business and security requirements. Attributes: + Self-motivated and able to excel in an Agile, collaborative environment. + Possess and effectively apply technical and analytical expertise while balancing competing requirements. + Intellectually curious and dedicated to life-long learning \u2013 able to learn and apply new technologies quickly. + Ability to solve complex problems while effectively communicating technical concepts. + Motivated to mentor teammates and peers. + Exceptional oral and written communication skills. Required Technical and Professional Expertise + 5+ years of experience in networking and information security, including + Hands-on experience with network security topics including; architecture, routing, switching, VPNs, proxies, firewalls, AAA, Internet protocols and technologies, security zones, and common network protocols such as HTTP, TLS, SSH, DNS, DHCP and SNMP. + Good understanding of common operating systems (Windows, Linux, OSX, UNIX) Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Relevant security certifications such as CISSP. + Network security certifications such as CCNP or comparable. + Experience in enterprise network security engineering and design. About Business Unit IBM Corporate Headquarters (CHQ) team represents a variety of functions such as marketing, finance, legal, operations, HR, and more, all working together to solve some of the world's most complex problems, help our clients achieve success and build collaborative work environments for IBMers. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-01", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "E412137D75E0BFD1B7602D6DB9319DA1", 
    "KeyTerms": "analytical, network security, financial, machine learning, artificial intelligence, cloud, internet of things, collaboration, compliance, quantum computing, linux, agile, protocols, cloud computing", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Triangle Park NC", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/network-security-professional-research-triangle-park-nc-us-ibm/34df4f35-087a-41d1-92e0-50896ed53f92", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Network-Security-Professional-RESEARCH-TRIANGLE-PARK-NC-US-IBM/34df4f35-087a-41d1-92e0-50896ed53f92"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20layer", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20layer", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Network Security Professional job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/network-security-professional-research-triangle-park-nc-us-ibm/34df4f35-087a-41d1-92e0-50896ed53f92"
}
