{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20scikit",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-Research-Summer-Intern-PhD-YORKTOWN-HEIGHTS-NY-US-IBM/98aee0ca-7ea7-481b-a1f1-098525a3b303",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-research-summer-intern-phd-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/98aee0ca-7ea7-481b-a1f1-098525a3b303"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20scikit",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "2020 Research Summer Intern-PhD job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "E6C1A20A7C190C382EE5C623F3A51253",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-research-summer-intern-phd-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/98aee0ca-7ea7-481b-a1f1-098525a3b303",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-05-09",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " 2020 Research Summer Intern-PhD at IBM YORKTOWN HEIGHTS, NY ?? About the Job Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. Your Role and Responsibilities Start and end dates for this Internship are during Summer 2020 (3 months). Digital data is impacting all sectors, such as health, finance, retail, energy, legal, media and entertainment, etc., in significant ways. The proliferation of IoT devices has significantly grown the amount of data that can be produced and collected. Recent advances in AI have greatly increased the value of data. Businesses transform the data about their customers, suppliers, or partners, into profitable products and services. Data sets can be rapidly and dynamically fused to derive other data sets. Businesses have to simultaneously abide by regulations around data privacy, such as GDPR, and also respect consumers\u2019 heightened expectations around privacy. Data is currently misused sometimes by not providing transparency and at other times underused by keeping them in silos due to lack of clarity around terms of use, security and privacy. It is thus natural to ask: how to benefit from data while respecting the conditions imposed on use of the data? How can individuals or organizations whose data is being collected participate in these data economies, exercise control over the access and use of their data, and be provided suitable compensation? Then, how can we make it easier to find and share the right data with transparency and fairness? What incentives can we provide for organizations to share their data for social good? How can monetization structures be set up to compensate providers of data? What biases exist in current data collection processes and what are their implications? What policies and mechanisms can be implemented to avoid such biases? How can one provide guarantees of data security and privacy? Fortunately, technologies such as blockchain, homomorphic encryption, secure multi-party computation, zero knowledge proofs, and secure hardware now make it possible for mutually distrusting organizations to share their data with each other in a secure, privacy-preserving, and tamper-proof manner. Policies are emerging on data use and governance. How can we further enhance them or develop new technologies, policies, and frameworks to solve this data dilemma? If you share the burning passion we have at IBM Research for these topics, we invite you to apply for a summer internship with leading researchers at IBM using the link below. + _Area 1 - Technology, systems and algorithms:_ Advances in cryptography, game theory, network science, machine learning, and distributed systems that enable and incentivize trusted privacy preserving data sharing & secure distributed computations + _Area 2 - Business model, services and applications:_ Innovative applications of blockchain and data transparency technologies to create monetization frameworks for data sharing, including building or studying specific industry use cases + _Area 3 - Policy, regulation, law and behavior:_ Fundamental legal and policy frameworks for distributed data sharing networks, and business models to create, sustain, and evolve these networks and their applications The work location will be Yorktown Heights, New York Required Technical and Professional Expertise + Advanced experience in one or more of cryptography, privacy, data science, business, data regulations, or policy + Advanced experience in general programming skills + Advanced communication skills + Pursuing a PhD Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Advanced usage of machine learning environments (e.g., R, scikit-learn, Theano, Torch, etc.) + Advanced experience in Data Mining/Automated Knowledge Acquisition, Representation & Reasoning + Advanced knowledge in cryptography, privacy, and security + Advanced knowledge in blockchain technologies + Advanced experience with data policy, licensing, and governance + Knowledge of software engineering practices including agile processes About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. "
}