{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=15",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Dir-Technical-Operations-Dallas-TX-US-Salient-CRGT/6e453aca-d8c2-41e0-8d44-8002dbed28ad",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/dir-technical-operations-dallas-tx-us-salient-crgt/6e453aca-d8c2-41e0-8d44-8002dbed28ad",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/dir-technical-operations-dallas-tx-us-salient-crgt/https%3A%2F%2Fsalientcrgt.icims.com%2Ficims2%2Fservlet%2Fwww.salientcrgt.com%2Fcareers"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=15",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Dir, Technical Operations job at Salient CRGT | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "E8BB3B75B6932CBB346E61220BB21710",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/dir-technical-operations-dallas-tx-us-salient-crgt/6e453aca-d8c2-41e0-8d44-8002dbed28ad",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Dir, Technical Operations at Salient CRGT Dallas, TX 75254   About the Job Primary responsibilities will be to: Develop Solutions supporting Proposal Development in response to Government RFI's and RFPs Lead and or support the technical and management responses to government RFIs and RFPs. Incorporate corporate past performance examples into proposed solutions and RFI/RFP responses Integrate industry standards (ITIL, CMMI, DevSecOps, Agile...) and technical solutions (Cloud, containerization, automation) into RFP responses. In this role your secondary role will be to: Support Salient CRGT program managers with existing customer solutions Visit existing programs to offer insight into industry trends and solutions and to build relationships with Salient CRGT customers For each role, you will: Work with a variety of technologies that include architecting large enterprise solutions using different technologies (e.g. on and offsite Cloud solution, Blockchain, etc.) Conduct detailed analysis, evaluation and recommendations for application and/ or infrastructure improvements. Ability to develop functional specifications, prototypes, mapping, configuration tables, and transaction/control tables. Ability to design data interface, data migration, and data reconciliation procedures. Understanding of DevOps and DevSecOps and its application in integrating hybrid environments. Ability to interpret and communicate customer and government security and compliance related requirements. Lead efforts in application/infrastructure project estimating and planning support Communicate and present technical and business application/infrastructure information to customer support teams and senior/executive management Requirements A minimum of twelve (12) years of Defense industry experience, of which 8 years are technical- functional experience as a Solutions Architect. A minimum of 4 years of proposal development and writing of which at least 2 years are as a lead proposal writer for technical or management sections of RFP responses A BS Degree from an accredited college/university in the applicable field of (e.g. information systems, business, computer science, mathematics). Technical Certifications that cover cybersecurity, systems and or network architectures; must meet at a minimum IAT II Minimum of 8 years infrastructure and architecture experience-(e.g. application environments, servers, databases, network structure, and security configuration to lead troubleshooting efforts in the event there is a system outage. Experience with complex applications to allow for execution of different phases of testing of code or configuration changes made by the developers to the application or infrastructure. Experience in a variety of tools (e.g. Remedy, Service Now, ADMS) supporting service management processes Strong multi-cloud experience with knowledge and experience with MS Azure and AWS cloud. Ability to work effectively in diverse and virtual environments. Self-motivated and proven to be a self-starter. Excellent and effective communication skills; possesses ability to brief senior corporate leadership as well as interface with senior defense personnel at the FO/GO level Experience working with large groups, support teams, and individuals. Provide project management estimates to management, team members, and customers to include project cost and time estimates. Ability to lead a team (planning, task breakdown and assignments, thru to completion). Bachelors of Science, PMP, ITIL, CISSP or Equivalent Salient CRGT is a leading provider of health, data analytics, cloud, agile software development, mobility, cyber security, and infrastructure solutions. We support these core capabilities with full lifecycle IT services and training\u2014to help our customers meet critical goals for pivotal missions. We are purpose-built for IT transformation supporting federal civilian, defense, homeland, and intelligence agencies, as well as Fortune 1000 companies.   If you feel you are qualified for this position, express interest by clicking the Apply button below (if you are viewing this position on the Salient CRGT website). If you are viewing this job posting outside of the Salient CRGT website, please visit: www.salientcrgt.com/careers to express interest in this position through the Salient CRGT Careers page.   Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws. "
}