{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Scientific-Data-Analytics-Architect-Atlanta-GA-US-Leidos/1a1a96c3-8761-4478-b23e-9b06c0ebfa5a",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientific-data-analytics-architect-atlanta-ga-us-leidos/1a1a96c3-8761-4478-b23e-9b06c0ebfa5a"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Scientific Data and Analytics Architect job at Leidos | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "EC99784B24D2ED4FCCE54DE42C55C63E",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/scientific-data-analytics-architect-atlanta-ga-us-leidos/1a1a96c3-8761-4478-b23e-9b06c0ebfa5a",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Scientific Data and Analytics Architect at Leidos Atlanta, GA   About the Job Description Job Description: The Leidos Government Health & Safety Solutions group is currently recruiting a Scientific Data and Analytics Architect to support our expanding business. This position is contingent upon contract award. Data science is an interdisciplinary field about processes and systems to extract knowledge or insights from data in various forms, either structured or unstructured, which is a continuation of some of the data analysis fields such as statistics, machine learning, data mining, and predictive analytics, similar to Knowledge Discovery in Databases. Primary job responsibilities involve preparing data for analytical or operational uses. The specific tasks handled can vary between engagements but typically include building data pipelines to pull together information from different source systems; integrating, consolidating and cleansing data; and structuring it for use in individual analytics applications for center and agency specific needs. Primary Responsibilities Facilitates development of overall data architecture strategy, framework, and roadmap, aligning to the broader enterprise architecture (application, process, technology, security, etc.). Ensures that business needs are or will be met by the long-term architecture solution. Provides standards and guidelines for usage of the architecture. Develops and implements governance for the architecture. Evaluates the reusability of current data for additional analyses and conducts data cleansing to rid the system of old, unused or duplicate data. Develop and implement procedures for effective data management. Create rules, procedures and technology to enhance interoperability and promote data sharing. Assess system performance and make recommendations for software, hardware, and data storage improvements. Assist with recognizing and upholding digital security systems to protect delicate information. Participates in evaluation of hardware and software platforms and integrating systems as they relate to the data architecture. Participates in selection of application packages, agency services, and technology/infrastructure capabilities to ensure alignment to data architecture. Performs data modeling, data design, and metadata and repository creation. Reviews object and data models and the metadata repository to structure the data for better management and quicker access. Ensure adherence to legal and agency regulations on data usage and management Basic Qualifications + BS degree, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience and at least 8 years of experience + BS degree and 10 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 8 years of prior relevant experience. + Strong technical background in data repository technologies such as SQL Server, Oracle, MongoDB, Hadoop, and blockchain. + Strong understanding of interoperability concepts, techniques, and technologies + Experience working with Electronic Health Record and HL7 standards + Experience development and/or managing ETL process + Exceptional soft skills including teamwork, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation. + Excellent analytical, technical skills, planning, and organizational skills. + Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills. Preferred Qualifications + Previous experience leading data architectural and management activities at CDC or another federal agency + Solid understanding of federal IT security standards, HL7, and/or Electronic Health Record + Experience in architecting, developing and implementing microservices centric solutions + Experience in building data analytic solution using latest technologies and techniques + Experience in applying AI/ML in data management + Experience working with private or hybrid cloud based data lake + Any relevant technical and/or security certifications External Referral Bonus:Ineligible Potential for Telework:No Clearance Level Required:NACI Travel:No Scheduled Weekly Hours:40 Shift:Day Requisition Category:Professional Job Family:Software Engineering Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here. Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws. REQNUMBER: R-00035605 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant Laws. Leidos is an equal opportunity employer/disability/vet. "
}