{
    "Body": " Commerce Transformation Director at Cisco San Jose, CA ???????????? About the Job What You'll Do Cisco IT is looking for a dynamic product management and solution architecture leader to engage with the related business units to drive IT\u2019s commerce transformation and will be responsible for the following: Leads product management and diverse commerce platform team: Lead a highly skilled team of architects and product managers to architect and design next generation eCommerce platform for Cisco. Develop a team of experienced product management leaders who are accountable for developing and delivering the platform vision and technology stack. Work closely with engineering teams to ensure alignment on the execution of the roadmap. Recruit, retain and grow a diverse, high-performing team of product owners, industry experts, leaders with vision, and influencers Drive Innovation Responsible for innovating, planning and executing the development of a next-generation commerce platform including Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ) solution, with focus on Sales, Customer Success, renewals, business processes, enterprise technical architecture, user experience, and change enablement Drive Transformation : Lead the transformation of IT's commerce platform to meet the unique needs of Cisco\u2019 Business, XaaS, and recurring revenue businesses to enable high-velocity sales motions. Builds relationships and drives collaboration with customers and partners: Effectively collaborate and communicate cross-functionally with global functional leaders, business units, engineering, sales, and marketing to understand their needs and represent their perspectives with internal IT teams to shape platform innovation, development & delivery. Gain a deep understanding of customer needs from customers, partners, and sellers and communicates needs to key team members. Defines strategic planning and roadmap for commerce platform transformation: Drive the creation and execution of short and long-term commerce platform roadmap across all IT functions, including budget and resource allocations. Define platform strategy and roadmap with clear objectives, long-term vision, and measurable goals that advance the product's vision and goals. Build superior user experience while driving higher adoption and satisfaction across the user base while mapping and managing complex dependencies across the org. Who You Are Seasoned hands on product leader with deep experience in building and delivering software products in ecommerce domain. Solid understanding of quote to cash processes and technology platforms and hands on leadership Successful implementation and Commerce / CPQ packaged software. Track record of delivering Enterprise SaaS products that drive significant revenues at scale. Sustained, successful trajectory (at least 10 years) in software development & in leading or supporting the execution of software-focused transformational initiatives in large organizations Educational background in technology equivalent required, plus a graduate degree or MBA a plus Strong experience in partnering with design, engineering & other product teams to ship products that create customer value Successful track record of developing product strategy and leading teams to ship product features that bring the strategy to life. Have excellent communication skills, and the ability to confidently share vision & roadmap to internal/external audiences Experience and background in IT systems and IT organizations beneficial, however leaders with successful trajectories in software-focused role on the product side could be candidates Ability to drive cross-functional collaboration & understand the customer Customer experience central to IT strategy. Need to manage and all aspects of the SaaS commerce platform experience. Understanding customers & communicating with org will be critical Ability to quickly come up-to-speed in a complex IT environment Why Cisco #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here\u2019s how we do it. We embrace digital and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we\u2019re \"old\" (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we\u2019re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do - you can\u2019t put us in a box! But \"Digital Transformation\" is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.) Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break, and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take the difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. So, you have colorful hair? Don\u2019t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That\u2019s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world-changing? Be you with us! Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified individuals will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. #LI-GD1 GEM20 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. ", 
    "CompanyName": "Cisco", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-12", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "EE95D00A6FBF98A1393881CA13ADF128", 
    "KeyTerms": "genetic, collaboration, product manager, e-commerce, machine learning, artificial intelligence, strategic planning", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "San Jose, California, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Commerce-Transformation-Director-San-Jose-CA-US-Cisco/af721657-3d9f-43b9-bfa4-ce63ae5d65a9", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/commerce-transformation-director-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/af721657-3d9f-43b9-bfa4-ce63ae5d65a9"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=10", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Commerce Transformation Director job at Cisco | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/commerce-transformation-director-san-jose-ca-us-cisco/af721657-3d9f-43b9-bfa4-ce63ae5d65a9"
}
