{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20staker",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Supervisor-Mobile-Activation-Center-MAC-Fenton-MO-US-SPECTRUM/f2c3dde3-6626-48c9-9f8e-f3e2b3a41118",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/supervisor-mobile-activation-center-mac-fenton-mo-us-spectrum/f2c3dde3-6626-48c9-9f8e-f3e2b3a41118"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20staker",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Supervisor- Mobile Activation Center (MAC) job at SPECTRUM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "EFE678F0DC7E7E61FBC38740F2ECE4A9",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/supervisor-mobile-activation-center-mac-fenton-mo-us-spectrum/f2c3dde3-6626-48c9-9f8e-f3e2b3a41118",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "Hungarian",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Supervisor- Mobile Activation Center (MAC) at Spectrum Fenton, MO   About the Job JOB SUMMARY Responsible for the supervision of the MAC Coordinators to ensure all successful activation and porting support of Spectrum Mobile including customer contact, Local Number Portability (LNP), device activation andtriage/resolution of escalated issues. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION Actively and consistently support all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience Provide guidance with as well as all activation and porting issues for the Mobile Activation Center\u2019s Tier 3 program. provide instruction on troubleshooting techniques including escalation procedures to be used with vendors and trading partners. Provides guidance with the daily activities for mobile activation, device provisioning, LNP port in and port out and ensure performance objectives are achvieved. Provide guidance regarding exception questions, assist with porting transaction questions/issues, provide instruction and telephone troubleshooting and diagnostic techniques, answer questions regarding mobile services and products, discuss service concerns as they relate to porting and device activation activities. Collaborate with IT for the development and on-going operational support for activation and provisioning systems; as needed. Act as liaison to third-party vendors supporting Local Number Portability, device activation and fallout resolution. Hire, evaluate, coach and counsel personnel in performance of duties; ensure training needs are met; monitor order processing performance for all representatives and provide feedback to Tier 3 Representatives Coach and develop best practices for triage and resolution of escalated tickets from Spectrum Supervisors, Carriers and partners requiring support to resolve activation and porting errors. Conduct weekly development sesssions with individual team members to coach and develop service excellence. Conduct annual performance evaluations, provide feedback and develop action plans for continuos improvement. Ensure that departmental standards regarding courtesy and productivity are maintained and that budgeted quotas are met; regularly monitor performance metrics and provide feedback and coaching Provide weekly updates to Mobile Operations Support team regarding MAC Methods & Procedures requiring modification to support the business. Partner with WTG, IT, Verizon Wholesale and other Customer Service Tier 3 & Fraud Tier 3 teams to understand known issues, trends and opportunities to improve time to resolve all activation and porting issues. Manage performance of Tier 3 MAC team to ensure compliance to all SLAs. Generate reports for management as required. Handle customer escalations per established policies, procedures and guidelines. Hire, evaluate, coach and counsel personnel in the performance of their duties Interface with other departments through written and verbal communications to handle switch provisioning issues; network element provisioning issues; network issues; research customer complaints and provide feedback to requesting party. Perform other duties as required PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Skills / Abilities and Knowledge Ability to effectively communicate with customers and external vendors in a courteous and professional manner Ability to work with others to resolve problems and handle outside requests Ability to use personal computer and software applications (i.e. Word, Excel, Pro Com, etc.) Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear and straightforward manner Ability to show judgment and initiative and to accomplish job duties Ability to work flexible hours and support night or weekend work as needed Ability to troubleshoot both on-net and off-net translation issues that impact Charter's network Knowledge of all functions and related tasks in the area of local number portability Knowledge of telephone activation requirements and software Knowledge of telephone network element activation requirements and software Ability to prioritize and organize effectively Knowledge of mobile telephone products and services Education (level and type) Bachelors degree in Business Related Work Experience Number of Years Telephone customer service experience preferred 4 Telephone service delivery experience 4 Supervisory experience 1-2 WORKING CONDITIONS Office environment Mainly days, some night and/or weekend work may be required EOE Charter Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Veteran/Disability "
}