{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/VP-Information-Technology-Austin-TX-US-Zengistics/42295ba1-afc7-43fc-855c-07d5de9cf5ca",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-information-technology-austin-tx-us-zengistics/42295ba1-afc7-43fc-855c-07d5de9cf5ca"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=11",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "VP Information Technology job at Zengistics | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "F476B63BAD5D1927D9B7C71B259B2E16",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/vp-information-technology-austin-tx-us-zengistics/42295ba1-afc7-43fc-855c-07d5de9cf5ca",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " VP Information Technology at Zengistics Austin, TX   About the Job Company is a leading-edge, technology -centric logistics company offering efficient solutions to complex supply chain challenges. Company is focused on delivering the highest level of customer service by leveraging our advanced technology platforms with our dedicated team of industry experts. We provide data-driven solutions to optimize our customer\u2019s supply chain by practicing proactive communication and maximizing efficiency for scalable growth. Complete transparency into our established network eliminates the stress of moving freight and creates opportunities to collaborate nationwide. Company is a dynamic, growing company that prioritizes individual development and provides growth opportunities for our aspiring leaders. Our company is made up of ambitious, driven, enthusiastic players that are excited and eager to leave their mark on our growing organization. The VP, Information Technology... Company is a leading technology-based logistics firm championing the evolution of the market. The VP, Information Technology will be a member of the leadership team and be responsible for the technology strategy and implementation at Company. It will be a central function of this position to make enterprise level decisions on how we use external technology to continue driving all aspects of the business. This person will optimize and integrate the current technology with additional enterprise systems to align with the defined technology strategy. Once decisions are finalized and systems have been procured and negotiated for, this person will be responsible for the implementation and integration process of all enterprise systems. The successful integration of our systems will be used to bolster the value of our technology to our customer\u2019s supply chain, and continue to position Company as a leader in the next generation of logistics providers. Responsible for overall information technology infrastructure, planning, and execution. Determine long-term needs in line with company strategy for innovation, performance excellence, and customer satisfaction. Evaluate current and emerging enterprise collaboration and transportation systems as well as optimize the existing infrastructure. Evaluate and implement leading technologies including AI and Blockchain. Drive technology innovation for the company and within the industry. Collaborate with existing technology partners to optimize the company's utilization of their solutions. Lead focused team of IT execution professionals. Requirements An experienced professional with 6-10 years of technology implementation within a dynamic and growing customer-focused organization. Experienced in the transportation and logistics industry highly preferred. Mastered the process of evaluating company needs and selecting appropriate technologies based upon effectiveness and cost considerations. Extensive knowledge and exposure with current information system architectures and emerging technologies. A hands-on leader comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and distributed organization. A college graduate holding a Bachelor\u2019s Degree. "
}