{
    "Body": " Associate Partner, Banking and Financial Markets - CPR at IBM Charlotte, NC ???????????? About the Job Introduction As a Business Sales & Delivery Executive, you will support IBM\u2019s consistent growth by bringing to the table your business development, sales, account management, and delivery skills. Picture yourself working with a highly motivated, highly successful team with a proven sales record in IBM\u2019s top technologies. If you\u2019re ready to bring insights and experience in areas such as IoT, Blockchain and digital transformation, we are ready to offer you a best in class career development. Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is seeking an Associate Partner (AP) to be a senior originations and delivery role as part of the Banking & Financial Markets (BFM) \u2013 Cognitive Process Transformation Practice. The role is responsible for leveraging their experience to work with Business, Technology and Operations Executives in key banking clients to identify and structure transformational programs to drive business outcomes. Originate advisory mandates for core banking process transformation opportunities Meet sales and delivery target metrics Create and deliver solutions with excellence leveraging IBM technology assets and accelerators Develop and maintain strong relationship with senior client stakeholders Be regarded as both an industry expert and practical solution implementer Manage the financial planning, internal approval process, contract negotiations, staffing for new projects Ensure the success and profitability for all work done within the projects Ability to navigate thru complex and matrixed organization Work collaboratively across GBS service lines Required Technical and Professional Expertise Minimum 15 years of relevant work experience in a top consulting firm or a bank. Experience in leading front to back transformation and process reengineering initiatives Successful track record in leading complex advisory projects Banking industry expertise including Finance, Operations, Lending, Credit, Trade Finance, Supply Chain Finance. Relationships with COO, CIO, and other senior functional & business leaders in banking industry Demonstrable business development track record Strong track record of managing client relationships. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise At least 5 years of consulting experience with BFM clients. Experience with process technology tools such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Blueworks live, Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Cognitive technology knowledge About Business Unit IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ", 
    "CompanyName": "IBM", 
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-19", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "F561907FF557D5EA60E3250AA67F5751", 
    "KeyTerms": "supply chain, internet of things, financial, collaboration, compliance, backbone, business development, artificial intelligence, banking", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Charlotte, North Carolina, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Associate-Partner-Banking-Financial-Markets-CPR-Charlotte-NC-US-IBM/e05b6d22-e8c6-4b41-8ee3-e91d024bd359", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/associate-partner-banking-financial-markets-cpr-charlotte-nc-us-ibm/e05b6d22-e8c6-4b41-8ee3-e91d024bd359"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=17", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain&stpage=1&page=17", 
    "TackIt": "true", 
    "Title": "Associate Partner, Banking and Financial Markets - CPR job at IBM | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/associate-partner-banking-financial-markets-cpr-charlotte-nc-us-ibm/e05b6d22-e8c6-4b41-8ee3-e91d024bd359"
}
