{
    "Body": " Blockchain Security Architect at JP Morgan Brooklyn, NY ? About the Job Blockchain Security Architect ? As an experienced member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You\u2019ll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment\u2014one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally ? The Role Provide security guidance on a new block chain products and technologies. Take a cyber security leadership role in driving internal block chain security and privacy initiatives. Interact with Line of business and JPMC cyber leadership community regarding block chain vulnerabilities and threats. Analyze, asses and respond to various block chain threats Design and deploy various block chain secure design patterns and solutions. Evaluate various Block chain cutting edge technologies and vendor products and solutions. Conduct regular security assessment and control matrix review. Take a lead on defining Cyber Block chain policies and controls. Communicate effectively to senior leadership to make them aware of block chain risk prof Requirements BS/BA degree or equivalent experience 5+ years\u2019 experience designing, architecting, and implementing complex enterprise applications, infrastructures, platforms and systems Advanced knowledge of tiered application architectures, web applications, APIs, mobile applications, desktop applications, and the underlying technology of cloud infrastructure Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages: ?Java, C/C++, C# and/or Python Direct experience with secure application architectures, development and security risk mitigation techniques Proven experience with cryptography, security protocols, key management, Hardware Security Modules (HSM), Zero knowledge proofs Experience in building and deploying block chain applications, payment systems or crypto wallets Experience with one or more blockchain platforms (Quorum, Bitcoin, Ethereum, HyperLedger, Ripple\u2026) Experience designing building and delivering decentralized Block chain applications (DApps, ?Web3js, ERC20 tokens) Understanding of crypto and smart contract vulnerabilities and how to address them Experience in Smart Contract Auditing Tools (Oyente, Smartcheck, Sabre, Manticore, Echidna, Mythril) Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture The Cybersecurity & Technology Controls group at JPMorgan Chase aligns the firm\u2019s cybersecurity, access management, controls and resiliency teams. The group proactively and strategically? partners with all lines of business and functions to enable them to design, adopt and integrate appropriate controls; deliver processes and solutions efficiently and consistently; and drive automation of controls. The group\u2019s number one priority is to enable the business by keeping the firm safe, stable and resilient. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you\u2019re not just working at a global financial institution. You\u2019re an integral part of one of the world\u2019s biggest tech companies. In 15 technology centers worldwide, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $11B annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that are transforming the financial services industry.? At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we\u2019re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity.? We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation.? If you\u2019re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.?? ? So if you're ready to put your passion for technology to work in a way that makes a real difference, apply today. ", 
    "CompanyName": "JP Morgan", 
    "CrawledDate": "2020-02-05", 
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards", 
    "DomainId": "monster", 
    "Hash": "F7CDF873D89C41BFA8839D18BAFC9AD0", 
    "Language": "English", 
    "Location": "Brooklyn, New York, United States", 
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.monster.com/", 
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Blockchain-Security-Architect-Brooklyn-NY-US-JP-Morgan/c45d3ea8-0c18-4ade-bc09-de145ed07220", 
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/"
    ], 
    "Parent": "https://job-openings.monster.com/blockchain-security-architect-brooklyn-ny-us-jp-morgan/c45d3ea8-0c18-4ade-bc09-de145ed07220", 
    "PostedDate": "Not Found", 
    "Salary": "Not Found", 
    "Title": "Blockchain Security Architect job at JP Morgan | Monster.com", 
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/Blockchain-Security-Architect-Brooklyn-NY-US-JP-Morgan/c45d3ea8-0c18-4ade-bc09-de145ed07220"
}
