{
    "CrawledDate": "2020-01-25",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-Intern-IBM-Blockchain-Solutions-Peekskill-NY-US-IBM/cc08fb0d-e52e-4aaa-a59b-b8cce4e5d60c",
        "https://www.monster.com/",
        "https://www.monster.com/jobs/",
        "https://www.monster.com/company/profiles/ibmcorporation"
    ],
    "Parent": "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-intern-ibm-blockchain-solutions-peekskill-ny-us-ibm/cc08fb0d-e52e-4aaa-a59b-b8cce4e5d60c",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "2020 Intern - IBM Blockchain Solutions job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "F9D7149C536E1B860E0379E477C6F07D",
    "Body": " 2020 Intern - IBM Blockchain Solutions at IBM Peekskill, NY 10566 ? About the Job Introduction As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients' data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it's investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live. Your Role and Responsibilities START AND END DATES FOR THIS INTERNSHIP ARE DURING SUMMER 2020 (3 months) IBM Blockchain Solutions creates business solutions for our clients that leverage blockchain to provide distributed trust in complex business networks. We've been looking at supply-chains as an area with great promise for the applicability of Blockchain. The IBM Food Trust solution, for example, is one of our major initiatives in food supply chains. The IBM Blockchain Solutions team has a summer internship opportunity on projects at the intersection of supply-chains and Blockchain, for which candidates with a background in operations research would be well-suited. Blockchain can be viewed as a trusted distributed communication platform with secure computation capabilities, that enables visibility and computation across participants in a supply-chain. We are investigating how Blockchain impacts decision-making in such networks - in particular, is there an opportunity to devise new algorithms or more efficient versions of classical algorithms. We're looking for candidates with strong backgrounds in operations-research, optimization and machine learning. What You'll Do: You will model supply-chain networks and decision-making problems therein. You will use optimization and learning techniques to create novel algorithms for improving decision making in such networks. You'll communicate with internal and external clients to understand business needs and provide analytical solutions. You'll work in a collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists and engineers of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of supply-chain decision making. Who You Are: You are great at solving problems, designing & implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You thrive on teamwork and have excellent verbal and written communication skills. You have strong technical and analytical abilities, a knack for driving impact and growth, and some experience with programming/scripting in a language such as R or Python. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Must have basic knowledge of supply-chain models and optimization and machine learning techniques. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Strong backgrounds in operations-research, optimization and machine learning. About Business Unit IBM Industry Platforms provides a range of strategic technologies to remove much of the cost and complexity of delivering core business functions. By delivering artificial intelligence, analytics, security, blockchain and cloud technology as a service, and in a complete platform tailored to the needs of each industry, IBM helps clients become more customer-centric, balance costs and mitigate risk. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you're looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities - where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust - where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/2020-Intern-IBM-Blockchain-Solutions-Peekskill-NY-US-IBM/cc08fb0d-e52e-4aaa-a59b-b8cce4e5d60c"
}