{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20circuit",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/Research-Staff-Member-Quantum-YORKTOWN-HEIGHTS-NY-US-IBM/a16264c3-9f84-4137-9520-b05eabe5969f",
        "https://job-openings.monster.com/research-staff-member-quantum-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/a16264c3-9f84-4137-9520-b05eabe5969f"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.monster.com/jobs/search/?q=Blockchain%20circuit",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Research Staff Member - Quantum job at IBM | Monster.com",
    "Hash": "FD5C015CFE5CFA07DFB990BB47CC5849",
    "Url": "https://job-openings.monster.com/research-staff-member-quantum-yorktown-heights-ny-us-ibm/a16264c3-9f84-4137-9520-b05eabe5969f",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "monster",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Research Staff Member - Quantum at IBM YORKTOWN HEIGHTS, NY   About the Job Introduction The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Research is seeking an experienced candidate with a background in Microwave Engineering and Quantumm Circuit Simulations. Applicants should have demonstrated experience in modeling and simulating complex structures operating in the microwave frequency regime. You will work in a team to develop circuits for quantum computing experiments. Proficiency with electromagnetic modeling tools, such as High Frequency Structural Simulator (HFSS), Microwave Office, or other microwave simulation tools is required. You will be expected to work collaboratively and effectively on a team and must possess proven communication skills. Required Technical and Professional Expertise + At least 5 years experience with design, modeling, and verification of microwave circuits. + At least 3 year of experience on electromagnetic simulation tools (e.g. HFSS, Microwave Office, ADS, etc.) + Familiarity with microwave measurement and test equipment & methods. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise + Experience with electronic design automation tools, numerical modeling and programming, and quantum device physics. + Expertise in superconducting electronics and quantum circuits in the single photon limit. About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. "
}