{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.cybercoders.com/search/?searchterms=blockchain",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/combres.axd/css-job-detail/1384202742/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/combres.axd/js-job-detail/-1148387608/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/computer-vision-engineer-job-519820",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/cto-job-554993",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/jobs/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/jobs/aws-skills/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/jobs/mobile-games-skills/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/jobs/unity-skills/",
        "https://www.cybercoders.com/senior-software-engineer-java-spring-boot-hibernate-job-452553"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.cybercoders.com/senior-blockchain-developer-100-remote-job-465196",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "CTO - CTO for Rapidly Growing, Profitable Mobile Game Video Innovator! (Mobile,...",
    "Hash": "3BC315C56B989AA3DC18AAAF7478A5C2",
    "Url": "https://www.cybercoders.com/cto-job-554993",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-07-05",
    "DomainId": "cybercoders",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": "Jobs Employers Our Team Resources Login Sign up CyberCoders CyberCoders Sign Up Login Jobs For Employers Our Team Resources Home CTO - Mobile Apply Dallas, TX Full-time $150k - $200k Posted 06/29/2020 Apply Are you a CTO with experience in the mobile game field? If so, read on... We are one of the leading mobile game video developers and innovators in our field! Our titles have been downloaded more than 400M times worldwide. What You Will Be Doing - Lead all technical aspects of engineering team - This position will be responsible for translating our vision into a technical roadmap and building or integrating products/platforms that appropriately balance the need for speed-to-market, scalability, and differentiation. - Be a strategic partner to the CEO, along with the rest of the leadership team, responsible for setting the culture and cadence for the technology department. - Fostering strong relationships, increasing product velocity, and achieving schedule predictability is of the utmost importance. - Help improve the technical quality of their work through regular technical design and code reviews and communicate effectively with engineers, product managers, customers, partners, and other leaders. Primary areas of responsibility: - Own technology strategy. Maintain the technology roadmaps and continually assess the build vs. buy and maintenance efforts with a focus on optimizing performance and scalability. Work closely with the executive team on the selection and interdependencies of programming languages, frameworks, and infrastructure to scale the technology platform. - Manage the software development life cycle. Collaborate with other departments including functional requirements analysis, design specification, technical code review, project planning, and implementation of applications-systems. Manage team to further develop core technology, including active participation in the design / architecture of new solutions, and the refinement of existing code - Roadmap. Own the product roadmap and prioritize development schedule of features and functionality in line with company goals and user needs. Ensure version releases are aligned with schedule, user-customer expectations and capabilities - Scoping. Clearly articulate the product requirements. These requirements will be based on both conceptual and market-driven feedback from users, your experience, and business requirements. This is a high-level and yet hands-on job - Data Architecture. Must have a vision and strong outlook for data architecture and understand the importance of it - Manage trade-offs and prioritization. Base decisions on time, cost, & quality while factoring in what we (and the industry) is technically capable of doing well - Breaking the platform down into versions thus allowing a more effective fluid development. - Rapid prototype. Develop a fast-paced organization / culture to create, prototype, test and release the continuously improving versions of the product - Project Management. Monitor the status of projects, ensuring that deadlines and milestones are met. Set and meet aggressive product feature sets / timelines, increase speed to market for product launches, and ensure the highest levels of feature-richness / quality - Define the competitive marketplace. Be part of developing a corporate understanding business risks, competitive landscape, and industry-wide (or niche) opportunities - Thought leadership. Be a visionary about what it takes to be the winner in an incredibly fast-growing market with complex technology needs by sharing your technical knowledge and expertise through regular tech talks and blog posts What You Need for this Position - 8+ yrs of senior/executive corporate management experience within the mobile industry, preferably with mobile games - 10+ yrs in mobile application development, backend API development, cloud infrastructure, DevOps, IT systems management, unit and integration testing, and TDD development - 10+ yrs of experience as an architect or technical lead delivering large-scale projects - Experience with the development and release cycle of mobile apps within Google Play and Apple iOS store - Programming experience in C#, Python, Java, Objective-C or related - Cloud computing with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or similar services - Experience with third-party SDKs and code integration, usage, and troubleshooting - Proven experience working in a rapidly evolving startup or mid-sized organization environment - Past experience guiding the technology decisions of your team, while contributing alongside them focused on goal setting, product & software development, quality & release to empower teams, scale development, and removing points of failure - Exceptional at identifying and breaking down problems to find unique solutions - Ability to own and manage multiple concurrent projects, including presenting and negotiating with stakeholders on the interdependencies and possibilities of what can realistically be delivered - Candidate will be onsite when it is safe but remote for the time being - BSCS or related degree Our Tech Stack: - Unity3D - Centralized and Distributed Version Control Systems - Android Studio and Apple XCode - Amazon Web Services and/or Cloud Services in General (EC2, S3, RDS, Elasticache, DynamoDB, Azure, Playfab, etc) What's In It for You - Competitive Compensation - Full Benefits - Family Friendly Environment - Relocation Opportunity - Work in a Growing, Stable Company! So if you are a CTO with extensive mobile gaming experience, APPLY TODAY! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. Additional ways to apply Preferred Skills Mobile Games AWS Unity Nitu Gulati-Pauly is recruiting for this position and the positions below. Email me to apply for this position Senior Java Developer - Java, Spring Boot, Hibernate El Segundo, CA   Full-time $120k - $140k Sr. Computer Vision Engineer (SLAM, Deep Learning) San Francisco, CA   Full-time $175k - $200k Job ID: NNG-1593887 CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work \u2013 In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2020. CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved. Follow Us Browse Jobs Browse Skills Browse Locations Employers Our Team About Us Contact Us Careers Resources Copyright © 1999 - 2020. CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy CyberCoders is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, status as a crime victim, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. CyberCoders will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law.  CyberCoders is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please email Benefits@cybercoders.com. We will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis. Upgrade your career Submit your application Take the next step towards applying for the CTO position Login to CyberCoders Login using existing account Personalized Job Alerts Your resume unlocks Job Alerts and smart features 10 Applies with 1 Click Your resume unlocks Quick Apply and smart features "
}