{
    "SeedUrl": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20npm",
    "OutLinks": [
        "https://brand.linkedin.com/policies?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-brand-policy",
        "https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk=d_jobs_guest_details_footer-guest-controls"
    ],
    "ContentType": "text/html; charset=utf-8",
    "Parent": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=blockchain%20npm",
    "RequiredMatch": "blockchain",
    "DocumentType": "JobBoards",
    "Title": "Overstock.com hiring Full Stack Developer in Midvale, Utah, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Hash": "000FE765EC8AE42AFCA3EBC4ED704B8F",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/full-stack-developer-at-overstock-com-1875808588?refId=eeb7a715-ed49-4919-a655-de6daa1b6796&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "CrawledDate": "2020-06-07",
    "DomainId": "linkedin",
    "Language": "English",
    "TackIt": "true",
    "Body": " Full Stack Developer Summary Midvale, Utah Job Summary Software Developers are responsible for working on significant critical projects, must be able to take responsibility for all facets of the development process. They actively participate in Backlog Grooming and architecture discussions. They are capable of designing and implementing full system architectures with an emphasis on redundancy, scalability and durability. They foster strong working relationships within their scrum team and across other business groups. They are capable of supporting and mentoring team members to improve overall team velocity. They have mastery in core technologies and tools, understand all phases of the company software development life cycle, and demonstrate initiative and integrity in all aspects of work. They should demonstrate good analytical skills, have a basic understanding of overall company organization, as well as a strong understanding of business partner relationships and operations. Job Responsibilities Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design. Work on significant critical projects with limited supervision Provide maintenance support and enhance performance to existing application code Review and document existing application code Analyze and design databases within an application area, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. Monitor and troubleshoot production software issues and provide solutions Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. Confer with systems analysts, product managers, ux designers, engineers, programmers, architects, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces and legacy systems. Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements. Develop and coordinate software unit testing and system testing and validation procedures, and documentation. Develop in accordance with system performance standards set by the organization. Coordinate software deployments and monitor applications to ensure specifications are met. Use strong communication skills (oral and written) to foster strong working relationships within IT and with business groups and mentor other developers, participate in work breakdown into tasks and provide work estimates. Lead moderate, non-critical projects and have mastery in most core technologies and tools. Perform code clean-up and automation of development tasks. Define functional design for requirements implementation. Perform critical systems development, database structure definition and Integration with legacy data & applications. Job Requirements Java (1.8+)/Spring Boot and/or NodeJs (v8+)/Express development skills Experience developing responsive websites Proficient JavaScript skills. ES7+ Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Redux, React Hooks) Development experience with RESTful APIs Experience with build management tools, such as NPM or Maven. Experience with front build tools, such as Webpack. Experience with version control tool, preferably Git. Proficiency building unit tests / integration tests with tools like Jest, Junit, Cucumber or Ava. SQL/NoSQL development\u202fexperience Preferred Skills Knowledge of data structures and algorithms Experience with Asynchronous messaging technologies such as JMS, Apache Kafka, Apache Pulsar, or RabbitMQ. Experience with production trouble shooting and analysis using log / debugging tools such as Splunk, ELK Stack, NewRelic. Highly proficient in understanding new technologies accomplishing projects goals successfully.\u202f Exceptionally well organized, strong work ethics and willingness to work hard to achieve employer objectives. Strong teamwork and communication skills. Education Bachelor\u2019s degree or U.S. equivalent in Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, or a related field or equivalent experience Who We Are: Just a few minutes from Salt Lake City and Utah\u2019s ski slopes, Overstock is an original resident of \u201c Silicon Slopes \u201d, one of the fastest growing technology hubs in the country. We\u2019re a passionate group of collaborative problem solvers and creative innovators, working on cutting-edge technology. From building award-winning retail applications (with amazing AR functionality ) to creating leading blockchain and machine learning technologies, each of us embodies a unique value and contributes a diverse perspective to the team. What We Offer 401k (6% match) Flexible Schedules Onsite Health Clinic Tuition Reimbursement, Leadership Development Program, & Mentorship Program Onsite Fitness Center with group fitness classes and trainers Onsite Cafe with additional Coffee Shop and Juice Bar Onsite Greenhouse, providing fresh fruits & vegetables for our cafe Overstock Women's Network (OWN) And More\u2026 Benefits vary based on position, tenure, location, and employee election Physical Requirements This position requires you to sit, stand and perform general office functions. You may also be required to lift up to 25 pounds occasionally. Bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. Equal Employment Opportunity It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and associates.\u202f This policy includes our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran status (including Vietnam era veterans), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other non-job-related characteristic protected by law. Back to Overstock Careers Posted 10 Days Ago Full time R0003891 Situated just south of Salt Lake City, Utah, we are an original resident of 'Silicon Slopes,' one of the fastest growing technology hubs in the country. As a technology-based retail company, we offer customers a wide variety of high-quality products, at great value, with superior customer service. In 2018, Appy awarded us best retail app for our search features and product recommendations in addition to our AR functionality. Overall, we're driven problem-solvers and supportive collaborators. We value passionate, creative people who love and believe in the work we do. From our yoga classes and greenhouse to mentorship programs and onsite clinic, we pride ourselves on offering associates a strong work-life balance. We invite you to join our team of talented and diverse professionals! "
}